Title: 18-456.pdf

URL Source: https://www.cmegroup.com/content/dam/cmegroup/market-regulation/rule-filings/2018/11/18-456.pdf

Published Time: Mon, 21 Dec 2020 00:51:21 GMT

Number of Pages: 4

Markdown Content:
SUBMISSION COVER SHEET 

IMPORTANT : Check box if Confidential Treatment is requested 

Registered Entity Identifier Code (optional): 18-456 

Organization: Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. ("CME") 

Filing as a: DCM SEF DCO SDR 

Please note - only ONE choice allowed. 

Filing Date (mm/dd/yy): November 14, 2018 Filing Description: Modifications to the E-mini Sector Futures Market Maker Program 

SPECIFY FILING TYPE 

Please note only ONE choice allowed per Submission. 

Organization Rules and Rule Amendments 

Certification § 40.6(a) 

Approval § 40.5(a) 

Notification § 40.6(d) 

Advance Notice of SIDCO Rule Change § 40.10(a) 

SIDCO Emergency Rule Change § 40.10(h) 

Rule Numbers: Not Applicable 

New Product Please note only ONE product per Submission. 

Certification § 40.2(a) 

Certification Security Futures § 41.23(a) 

Certification Swap Class § 40.2(d) 

Approval § 40.3(a) 

Approval Security Futures § 41.23(b) 

Novel Derivative Product Notification § 40.12(a) 

Swap Submission § 39.5 

Official Product Name :

Product Terms and Conditions (product related Rules and Rule Amendments) 

Certification § 40.6(a) 

Certification Made Available to Trade Determination § 40.6(a) 

Certification Security Futures § 41.24(a) 

Delisting (No Open Interest) § 40.6(a) 

Approval § 40.5(a) 

Approval Made Available to Trade Determination § 40.5(a) 

Approval Security Futures § 41.24(c) 

Approval Amendments to enumerated agricultural products § 40.4(a), § 40.5(a) 

“Non-Material Agricultural Rule Change” § 40.4(b)(5) 

Notification § 40.6(d) 

Official Name(s) of Product(s) Affected :

Rule Numbers: 300 Vesey Street New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com 

> Christopher Bowen
> Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
> Legal Department

November 14, 2018 

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL 

Christopher J. Kirkpatrick 

Office of the Secretariat 

Commodity Futures Trading Commission 

Three Lafayette Centre 

1155 21st Street, N.W. 

Washington, D.C. 20581 

RE: Modifications to the E-mini Sector Futures Market Maker Program 

CME Submission No. 18-456 

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick: 

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME” or “Exchange”) hereby notifies the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC” or “Commission”) of modifications to the E-mini Sector Futures Market Maker Program (“Program”). The modifications to the Program will become effective on December 1, 2018. 

Exhibit 1 sets forth the terms of this Program. Modifications appear below, with additions underscored and deletions overstruck. 

The Exchange reviewed the designated contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA” or “Act”). During the review, CME staff identified the following Core Principles as potentially being impacted: Monitoring of Trading, Execution of Transactions, Protection of Market Participants, Compliance with Rules, and Recordkeeping. 

The Program does not impact the Exchange’s ability to perform its trade practice and market surveillance obligations under the CEA and the Exchange’s market regulation staff will monitor trading in the Program’s products to prevent manipulative trading and market abuse. Additionally, the Exchange has implemented systems to track Program participants’ obligations to ensure proper distribution of earned incentives. The incentives in the Program do not impact the Exchange’s order execution. Participants in the Program will be selected by Exchange staff using criteria as further stated in Exhibit 1. Chapter 4 of the CME rules includes prohibitions against fraudulent, non-competitive, unfair or abusive practices. All participants must execute a contractual agreement with the Exchange in which each participant will expressly agree to comply with and be subject to applicable regulations and CME rules. The Program is subject to the Exchange’s record retention policies which comply with the CEA. 

CME certifies that the Program complies with the CEA and the regulations thereunder. There were no substantive opposing views to this Program. 

The Exchange certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the Exchange’s website at 

http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html .

If you require any additional information regarding this submission, please e-mail 

CMEGSubmissionInquiry@cmegroup.com  or contact Rachel Johnson at 312-466-4393 or via e-mail at 

Rachel.Johnson@cmegroup.com . Please reference our CME Submission No. 18-456 in any related correspondence. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Christopher Bowen 

Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel 

Attachment: Exhibit 1 EXHIBIT 1 

# E-MINI SECTOR FUTURES MARKET MAKER PROGRAM 

Program Purpose 

The purpose of this Program is to incent market makers to enhance liquidity in the products listed below. The resulting increase in central limit order book liquidity on the CME Globex® Platform benefits all participant segments in the market. 

Product Scope 

CME E-Mini S&P Select Sector Index futures products and E-mini NASDAQ Biotechnology Index futures (“BQ”) that are traded on Globex® (“Products”). 

Eligible Participants 

Participants may be CME members or non-members. CME may designate up to seven (7) participants in the Program. Potential participants are required to submit an application/bid sheet to the Exchange as part of a competitive application process which is used to determine eligibility. In determining whether or not a prospective participant is selected to participate in the Program, Exchange staff may take into account a variety of factors including the strength of the quoting obligations the prospective participant is willing to commit to provide, whether Exchange staff believes that the prospective participant can maintain such obligations, and historical volume trading the Products and similar contracts. The Exchange may, from time to time, add or subtract from the aforementioned requirements as it deems necessary. 

Program Term 

Start date is March 14, 2011. End date is June 30, 2019. 

Hours 

Regular Trading Hours (“RTH”) (8:30AM – 3:00PM CST). 

Obligations 

In order to be eligible to receive the Program incentives, participants must quote two-sided markets in the Products, at predetermined bid/ask spreads and minimum quote sizes. 

Incentives 

Upon meeting all Program obligations, as determined by the Exchange, participants may be eligible to receive predetermined incentives. Monitoring and Termination of Status 

The Exchange shall monitor trading activity and participants’ performance and shall retain the right to revoke Program participant status if it concludes from review that a Program participant no longer meets the eligibility requirements or fails to meet the obligations of the Program.
