                     SUBMISSION COVER SHEET
IMPORTANT: Check box if Confidential Treatment is requested
Registered Entity Identifier Code (optional): 25-215
Organization: Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME”)
Filing as a:        DCM           SEF       DCO              SDR
Please note - only ONE choice allowed.
Filing Date (mm/dd/yy): 07/02/25 Filing Description: Initial Listing of the FTSE
CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures Contract

SPECIFY FILING TYPE
Please note only ONE choice allowed per Submission.
Organization Rules and Rule Amendments
        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Notification                                             § 40.6(d)
        Advance Notice of SIDCO Rule Change                      § 40.10(a)
       SIDCO Emergency Rule Change                               § 40.10(h)
Rule Numbers:

New Product                        Please note only ONE product per Submission.
        Certification                                            § 40.2(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.23(a)
        Certification Swap Class                                 § 40.2(d)
        Approval                                                 § 40.3(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.23(b)
        Novel Derivative Product Notification                    § 40.12(a)
         Swap Submission                                         § 39.5
Official Product Name: See filing.

Product Terms and Conditions (product related Rules and Rule Amendments)
        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Certification Made Available to Trade Determination      § 40.6(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.24(a)
        Delisting (No Open Interest)                             § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Approval Made Available to Trade Determination           § 40.5(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.24(c)
        Approval Amendments to enumerated agricultural products § 40.4(a), § 40.5(a)
        “Non-Material Agricultural Rule Change”                  § 40.4(b)(5)
        Notification                                             § 40.6(d)

Official Name(s) of Product(s) Affected:
Rule Numbers:
                                                                                                                    Maureen Guilfoile
                                                                                        Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
                                                                                                                     Legal Department



July 2, 2025

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL

Mr. Christopher J. Kirkpatrick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20581

                    Re:      CFTC Regulation 40.2(a) Certification. Initial                     Listing       of     the     FTSE
                             CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures Contract.
                             CME Submission No. 25-215

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick:

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME” or “Exchange”) certifies to the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission (“CFTC” or the “Commission”) the initial listing of FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures
contract (the “Contract”) for trading on the CME Globex electronic trading platform (“CME Globex”) and for
submission for clearing via CME ClearPort effective on Sunday, July 20, 2025, for trade date Monday, July
21, 2025, as set forth below.

Contract Title             FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures
Contract Size              $100 * FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index
Minimum Price
Increment / Financial      0.01 / $1.00
Equivalent
CME Globex and
                           CCI
CME ClearPort Code
BTIC Code                  CCT
Rulebook Chapter           414
                     CME Globex Pre-Open:
                     Monday - Friday 4:45 p.m. – 8:15 a.m. Central Time/CT (Sunday CME Globex Pre-Open
                     begins at 5:00 p.m. CT)
Trading and Clearing CME Globex:
Hours                Monday - Friday 8:15 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. CT
                     CME ClearPort:
                     Sunday 5:00 p.m. - Friday 5:45 p.m. CT with no reporting Monday - Thursday from 5:45
                     p.m. – 6:00 p.m. CT
Price Quotation            U.S. dollars and cents per index point
Min Daily Settle Tick      0.01
Final Settle Tick          0.0001
                           Quarterly contracts (Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec) listed for 5 consecutive quarters and 1 additional
Listing Schedule
                           December contract
Initial Listing            Sep 25, Dec 25, Mar 26, Jun 26, Sep 26, Dec 26
Termination of             Trading terminates at 1:30 p.m. CT on the 3rd Wednesday of contract month
Trading
                  20 S Wacker Dr Chicago, IL 60606 T 312 930 8141 maureen.guilfoile@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                              1
                        BTIC trading terminates the business day prior to the third Wednesday of Delivery Month
Settlement Procedure Financial
Block Minimum
Threshold /             20 contracts / subject to a 15-minute reporting window
Reporting Window


The Exchange reviewed the designated contracts market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in
the Commodity Exchange Act (“Act”) and identified that the Contract may bear upon the following Core
Principles:

Core Principle 2 – Compliance with Rules
Trading in the Contract shall be subject to CME Rulebook Chapter 4, which includes prohibitions against
fraudulent, noncompetitive, unfair, and abusive practices. Additionally, trading in this Contract shall be
subject to the Exchange’s trade practice rules, the majority of which are contained in Chapter 5 and Chapter
8 of the CME Rulebook. Trading activity in this Contract shall be subject to monitoring and surveillance by
CME Group’s Market Regulation Department, which has the authority to exercise its investigatory and
enforcement power where potential rule violations are identified.

Core Principle 3 – Contract Not Readily Subject to Manipulation
The Contract is not readily subject to manipulation due to the deep liquidity and robustness in the underlying
cash and futures market, which provides diverse participation and are based on liquid futures contract
months.

Core Principle 4 – Prevention of Market Disruption
Trading in the Contract will be subject to CME Rulebook Chapters 4 and 7, which include prohibitions on
manipulation, price distortion, and disruption to the expiration and assignment process. Trading activity in
the Contract will be subject to monitoring and surveillance by CME Group’s Market Regulation Department.

CME Group maintains an index license and information sharing agreement with FTSE Russell who
administer the CoreCommodity CRB® Indices. CME Group also maintains a license agreement with the
Intermarket Surveillance Group (“ISG”) as it relates to competitor exchange data.

Core Principle 5 – Position Limits or Accountability
The Contract shall be subject to a Position Reporting Level of 200 contracts and to a Single Month and All
Month Position Limit of 100,000 contracts. The speculative position limits for the Contract are consistent
with the Commission’s guidance.

Core Principle 7 – Availability of General Information
The Exchange shall disseminate a Special Executive Report (“SER”) that sets forth information in regard
to specifications, terms, and conditions of the Contract. The SER will also be published on the Exchange’s
website.

Core Principle 8 – Daily Publication of Trading Information
The Exchange shall publish trading volumes, open interest levels, and price information daily of the Contract
on the CME Group website and through quote vendors.

Core Principle 9 – Execution of Transactions
The Contract will be listed for trading on CME Globex and for clearing via CME ClearPort. The CME Globex
electronic trading venue provides for competitive and open execution of transactions. CME Globex affords
the benefits of reliability and global connectivity.

Core Principle 10 – Trade Information


               20 S Wacker Dr Chicago, IL 60606 T 312 930 8141 maureen.guilfoile@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                           2
All requisite trade information shall be included in the audit trail and will suffice for the Market Regulation
Department to monitor for market abuse.

Core Principle 11 – Financial Integrity of Transactions
The Contract shall be cleared by CME Clearing, which is registered with the Commission as a derivative
clearing organization, and which is subject to all CFTC regulations related thereto.

Core Principle 12 – Protection of Markets and Market Participants
Chapters 4 and 5 in the CME Rulebook set forth multiple strictures that preclude intermediaries from
disadvantaging their customers. These Rules apply to trading in the Exchange’s competitive trading venues
and will apply to transactions in the Contract.

Core Principle 13 – Disciplinary Procedures
Chapter 4 of the CME Rulebook provides for the Exchange to discipline, suspend, or expel members or
market participants who violate the rules of the Exchange. Trading in the Contract shall be subject to these
provisions. The Exchange’s Market Regulation Department has the authority to exercise its powers of
enforcement, in the event that rule violations in the Contract are identified.

Core Principle 14 – Dispute Resolution
Disputes in respect of the Contract shall be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in Chapter 6 of the
CME Rulebook, which allows all nonmembers to submit to arbitration claims for financial loss resulting from
transactions on the Exchange. Pursuant to these provisions, any member named as a respondent in any
such claim submitted by a nonmember is required to participate in arbitration proceedings. Additionally, the
Exchange requires members to resolve via arbitration all disputes concerning transactions on the
Exchange.

Appendix A provides CME Rulebook Chapter 414, Appendix B, under separate cover, provides the Position
Limit, Position Accountability, and Reportable Level Table. Appendix C provides the CME Rule 588.H.
(“Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges”) Table, Appendix D provides the Special Price Fluctuation
Limits and Daily Price Limits Table. Appendix E provides the BTIC Table. Appendix F provides the Daily
Settlement Procedure Document. Appendix G provides the Exchange fees. Appendix H, under separate
cover, provides Supplemental Market Information (confidential treatment requested).

Pursuant to Section 5c(c) of the Act and CFTC Regulation 40.2(a), the Exchange hereby certifies that the
Contract complies with the Act, including regulations under the Act. There were no substantive opposing
views to the proposal.

The Exchange certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the CME Group website at
http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html.

Should you have any questions concerning the above, please contact the undersigned at (312) 930-8141
or via e-mail at CMEGSubmissionInquiry@cmegroup.com.

                                                       Sincerely,


                                                       /s/ Maureen Guilfoile
                                                       Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel

Attachments:     Appendix A         CME Rulebook Chapter 414
                 Appendix B         Position Limit, Position Accountability, and Reportable Level Table
                                    in Chapter 5 of the CME Rulebook (attached under separate cover)
                 Appendix C         CME Rule 588.H. – (“Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges”)
                                    Table

               20 S Wacker Dr Chicago, IL 60606 T 312 930 8141 maureen.guilfoile@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                           3
 Appendix D          CME Rule 589. – Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price
                     Limits Table
 Appendix E          CME Rule 524. Trading at Settlement (“TAS”), Trading at Marker
                     (“TAM”), Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) and Basis Trade at Cash
                     Open (“TACO”) Table
 Appendix F          Daily Settlement Procedure Document
 Appendix G          Exchange Fees
 Appendix H          Supplemental Market Information
                     (CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED)




20 S Wacker Dr Chicago, IL 60606 T 312 930 8141 maureen.guilfoile@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                            4
                                                  Appendix A

                                                CME Rulebook

                                    Chapter 414
                        FTSE CoreCommodity CRB® Index Futures

41400.   SCOPE OF CHAPTER
         This chapter is limited in application to futures trading of FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index
         Futures contract.
         The following Rules set forth the terms of the FTSE CoreCommodiy CRB Index Futures contract. In
         addition to the Rules of this chapter, the procedures for trading, clearing, delivery and settlement of the
         contracts and any other matters not specifically covered herein or in Chapter 7 shall be governed by the
         general rules of the Exchange.
         Unless otherwise specified, times referenced herein shall refer to and indicate Central Prevailing Time
         (“CPT”).
41401.   CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS
         The contract grade shall be the final settlement price (as described in Rule 41404.) of the FTSE
         CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures on final settlement day (as described in Rule 41405.).
41402.   TRADING SPECIFICATIONS
         The number of months open for trading at any given time shall be determined by the Exchange foregoing.
         41402.A.       Trading Schedule
         The hours for trading of FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures shall be determined by the Exchange.
         last
         41402.B.       Trading Unit
         The unit of trading shall be $100.00 times the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB ® Index price which corresponds
         to each futures contract.
         41402.C.       Price Increments
         The price of the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures shall be quoted in points. One point equals
         $100.00. The minimum price fluctuation shall be 0.01 points (1/100) points per contract ($1.00 per
         contract).
         41402.D.       Special Price Fluctuation Limits
         At the commencement of each trading day, the contract shall be subject to special price fluctuation limits
         as set forth in Rule 589 and in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table in the
         Interpretations & Special Notices Section of Chapter 5.
         41402.E.       Position Limits, Exemptions, Position Accountability and Reportable Levels
         The applicable position limits and/or accountability levels, in addition to the reportable levels, are set forth
         in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations & Special
         Notices Section of Chapter 5.
         A Person seeking an exemption from position limits for bona fide commercial purposes shall apply to the
         Market Regulation Department on forms provided by the Exchange, and the Market Regulation
         Department may grant qualified exemptions in its sole discretion.
         Refer to Rule 559 for requirements concerning the aggregation of positions and allowable exemptions
         from the specified position limits.
         41402.F. Termination of Trading
         The last day of trading in FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures shall be the third Wednesday of the
         contract month, or if the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index is not published for that day, the first preceding
         business day for which the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index was published.
         After trading in contracts for future delivery in the current delivery month has ceased, outstanding
         contracts for such delivery shall be liquidated by cash settlement as prescribed in Rule 41403.




                                                        5
41403.   DELIVERY ON FUTURES CONTRACTS
         Delivery against the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures contracts must be made through the
         Clearing House. Delivery under these rules shall be on the final settlement day (as described in
         Rule 41405.) and shall be accomplished by cash settlement as hereinafter provided.
         Clearing members holding open positions in a FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures contract at the
         time of termination of trading shall make payment to and receive payment through the Clearing House in
         accordance with normal variation settlement procedures based on a settlement price equal to the final
         settlement price (as described in Rule 41404.).
41404.   FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE
         The final settlement price shall be based on a special quotation of the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index
         which corresponds to the expiring contract as of the close of business on the final settlement day (as
         described in Rule 41405.). This special quotation will consist of the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB ® Index
         which corresponds to the expiring contract calculated using the settlement prices of the component
         futures on final settlement day, except as noted below.
         If an exchange that lists a component or components of the commodity index is not open on the final
         settlement day because of a scheduled closing, then the contribution to the final settlement price for the
         affected component or components shall be based on the settlement quotation of the first preceding
         trading day.
         “Market Disruption Event” (“MDE”) shall mean: (a) the termination or suspension of, or material limitation
         or disruption in the trading of, any futures contract used in the calculation of the FTSE CoreCommodity
         CRB® Index on that day, including if due to the closing of an exchange prior to the regularly scheduled
         closing time of an exchange; (b) the settlement price of any such contract reflects the maximum permitted
         price change from the previous day’s settlement price; or (c) the failure of an exchange to publish official
         Settlement Prices for any such contract. If an MDE occurs on the expiration date, the FTSE
         CoreCommodity CRB® Index contract will settle based on a special value calculated using all component
         futures prices as of the expiration date that were not subject to an MDE and, for any futures contracts
         which were subject to an MDE, using the next available futures settlement price for which an MDE is no
         longer in effect, with a delay limited to 10 business days from the original expiration date. If, on the 10th
         business day, an MDE is still in effect for the affected contracts, then FTSE International Limited and the
         Chicago Mercantile Exchange will determine an appropriate estimated futures price or prices to be used
         to calculate the final adjusted settlement value of the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB® Index.
41405.   FINAL SETTLEMENT DAY
         The final settlement day shall be defined as the third Wednesday of the contract month, or if the FTSE
         CoreCommodity CRB® Index is not published for that day, the first preceding business day for which the
         FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index was published.
41406.   BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS
         All BTIC transactions must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 524.B.
         41406.A.      BTIC Block Trade Requirements
         BTIC block trades must be executed in accordance with the requirements of Rule 526. For a BTIC block
         trade executed on a given Trading Day on or before the scheduled close of the underlying primary
         securities market, the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing value
         for the current Trading Day. For a BTIC block trade executed on a given Trading Day after the scheduled
         close of the underlying primary securities market, the corresponding futures price shall be made by
         reference to the Index closing value for the next Trading Day.
         41406.B.      BTIC Price Assignment Procedures
         The futures price of a BTIC transaction shall be determined by the Exchange at 3:30 p.m. CPT according
         to the requirements of Rule 41404. in the case of final settlement). Such price determination shall be
         deemed final.
         41406.C.      BTIC Minimum Price Increment
         The valid basis or price increment applied to the Index closing value to establish the BTIC futures price
         must be stated in full tick increments of 0.01 index points.

                       INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 414




                                                       6
             The FTSE CoreCommodity CRB® Index Futures are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or
             promoted by FTSE International Limited (“FTSE”) or the London Stock Exchange Group companies
             (“LSEG”) (together the “Licensor Parties”) and none of the Licensor Parties make any claim, prediction,
             warranty or representation whatsoever, expressly or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be obtained
             from the use of the FTSE CoreCommodity CRB® Index (the “Index”) (upon which the he FTSE
             CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures are based), (ii) the figure at which the Index is said to stand at any
             particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the suitability of the Index for the purpose to
             which it is being put in connection with the he FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures. None of the
             Licensor Parties have provided or will provide any financial or investment advice or recommendation in
             relation to the Index to CME or to its clients. The Index is calculated by FTSE or its agent. None of the
             Licensor Parties shall be (a) liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the
             Index or (b) under any obligation to advise any person of any error therein.

             All rights in the Index vest in FTSE. “FTSE®” is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE under license.




                                                    Appendix B

                                               CME Rulebook
                                                  Chapter 5
                                 (“Trading Qualifications and Practices”)
                          Position Limit, Accountability, and Reportable Level Table

                                               (under a separate cover)




                                                    Appendix C

                                            CME Rulebook
                                               Chapter 5
                                (“Trading Qualifications and Practices”)
                     Rule 588. – (“Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges”) Table
                                               (additions underscored)

Instrument
                                               Globex Non-Reviewable Ranges (NRR)
Name
        Equity Index                                  Outrights                                   Spreads

                                   Globex Non-                      NRR:
                    Globex                     NRR: Globex                           NRR: Globex       NRR: Outright
                                   Reviewable                       Minimum
                    Symbol                     Format                                Format            Minimum Ticks
                                  Ranges (NRR)                      Ticks
FTSE
CoreCommodity
                      CCI         6 index points         600               600              150               150
CRB® Index
Futures
BTIC on FTSE
CoreCommodity
                      CCT         1.5 index point        150               150              N/A               N/A
CRB® Index
Futures




                                                           7
                                               Appendix D

                                           CME Rulebook
                                              Chapter 5
                             (“Trading Qualifications and Practices”)
              Rule 589. – Special Price Fluctuation Limits and Daily Price Limits Table
                                           (additions underscored)

                                                                               (Excluding
                 RULEBOOK       COMMODITY PRIMARY/ASS ASSOCIATED DAILY PRICE     Regular
Product           CHAPTER         CODE    OCIATED        WITH       LIMIT    Trading Hours)
FTSE
CoreCommodity
CRB® Index                                                                     Daily Price Limit 24 Index Points
Futures              414            CCI           Primary            Primary        Table




                                               Appendix E

                                          CME Rulebook
                                             Chapter 5
                              (“Trading Qualifications and Practices”)
 Rule 524. - Trading at Settlement (“TAS”), Trading at Marker (“TAM”), Basis Trade at Index Close
                      (“BTIC”) and Basis Trade at Cash Open (“TACO”) Table


                               Equity Index Futures                                       BTIC Rulebook
                                                                                         Symbol Chapter
FTSE CoreCommodity CRB Index Futures                                                       CCT          414



                                               Appendix F

                                 Daily Settlement Procedure Document



FTSE Core Commodity (CRB) Index Futures Daily Settlement Procedure

Normal Daily Settlement Procedure
FTSE calculates and publishes an official closing value for the FTSE Core Commodity Index based on
the settlements of the index’s component commodity futures contracts. CME’s FTSE Core Commodity
Index (CRB) futures contracts will settle to this official closing value as published by FTSE on a daily
basis.
If FTSE does not provide a FTSE Core Commodity Index official closing value by 16:00 Central Time
(CT), then the futures will settle to the most recent index value available.




                                                     8
                                                     Appendix G

                                                Exchange Fees


                                                                           Executed     Executed     Executed
                                                                             with          with        with
                                                                              <6          6 - 12        13+
                                                                            months       months       months
                                                      Venue/Transaction        to           to           to
Membership Type                                             Type           expiration   expiration   expiration
Individual Members                                       CME Globex          $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
Clearing Members                                      EFP|EFR|Block|BTIC     $1.25        $2.50        $5.00
Rule 106.J Equity Member Firms & Rule 106.J
Qualified Subsidiaries                                       Delivery                     $1.20
Rule 106.I Members & Rule 106.I Qualified
Affiliates                                              Exe|Asn|Future
                                                                                          $1.20
Rule 106.S Member Approved Funds                            From
                                                         CME Globex          $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
Rule 106.D Lessees                                    EFP|EFR|Block|BTIC     $1.25        $2.50        $5.00
Rule 106.F Employees                                       Delivery                       $1.20
                                                        Exe|Asn|Future
                                                                                          $1.20
                                                            From
Rule 106.R Electronic Corporate Members                  CME Globex          $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
(For other than CME Globex - Non-Member rates
                                                       CME Globex BTIC       $1.25        $2.50        $5.00
apply)
                                                         CME Globex          $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
                                                      EFP|EFR|Block|BTIC     $1.25        $2.50        $5.00
Rule 106.H and 106.N Firms                                 Delivery                       $1.20
                                                        Exe|Asn|Future
                                                                                          $1.20
                                                            From
International Incentive Program (IIP) Participants       CME Globex          $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
International Volume Incentive Program (IVIP)
Participants
(For other than CME Globex - Non-Member rates          CME Globex BTIC       $1.75        $3.50        $7.00
apply)
Latin American Fund Manager Incentive Program            CME Globex          $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
(FMIP) Participants
(For other than CME Globex - Non-Member rates          CME Globex BTIC       $1.75        $3.50        $7.00
apply)
Members Trading Outside of Division
                                                         CME Globex
(For other than CME Globex During ETH - Non-                                 $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
                                                        During ETH Only
Member rates apply)
                                                         CME Globex          $1.00        $2.00        $4.00
                                                      EFP|EFR|Block|BTIC     $1.75        $3.50        $7.00
Non-Members                                                Delivery                       $1.20
                                                        Exe|Asn|Future
                                                                                          $1.20
                                                            From

  Processing Fees                                                  Fee
  Position Adjustment/Position Transfer                           $0.10
  Give-Up Surcharge                                               $0.05
  Facilitation Fee                                                $0.40




                                                         9
                 Appendix H

          Supplemental Information

(CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED)
        (attached under separate cover)




                      10
