Title: 26-116.pdf

URL Source: https://www.cmegroup.com/content/dam/cmegroup/market-regulation/rule-filings/2026/5/26-116.pdf

Published Time: Mon, 18 May 2026 07:23:39 GMT

Number of Pages: 3

Markdown Content:
26-116: Implementation of the Nasdaq CME Crypto Index Futures Market Maker Program     

> 20 S Wacker Dr Chicago, IL 60606 T 312 930 8141 maureen.guilfoile@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com
> Maureen Guilfoile
> Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
> Legal Department

May 15, 2026 

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL 

Christopher J. Kirkpatrick 

Office of the Secretariat 

Commodity Futures Trading Commission 

Three Lafayette Centre 

1155 21st Street, N.W. 

Washington, D.C. 20581 

RE: Implementation of the Nasdaq CME Crypto Index Futures Market Maker Program 

CME Submission No. 26-116 

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick: 

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME” or “Exchange”) hereby notifies the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC” or “Commission”) of plans to implement the Nasdaq CME Crypto Index Futures Market Maker Program (“Program”). The proposed Program will become effective on June 8, 2026. 

Exhibit 1 sets forth the terms of this Program. 

CME reviewed the designated contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in the Commodity 

Exchange Act (“CEA”). During the review, Exchange staff identified the following Core Principles as potentially being impacted: Monitoring of Trading, Execution of Transactions, Protection of Market Participants, Compliance with Rules, Availability of General Information, and Recordkeeping. 

The Program will not impact the Exchange’s ability to perform its trade practice and market surveillance obligations under the CEA. Exchange staff will monitor trading in the Program’s products in order to prevent manipulative trading and market abuse. Additionally, the Exchange has implemented systems to track Program participants’ volume to ensure proper distribution of earned incentives. The Program does not impact the Exchange’s order execution. 

Participants in the Program will be selected by CME staff using criteria as set forth in Exhibit 1. Chapter 4 of the Exchange rules includes prohibitions against fraudulent, non-competitive, unfair or abusive practices. All participants must execute a contractual agreement with CME in which each participant will expressly agree to comply with, and 

be subject to, applicable regulations and Exchange rules. Additionally, the Program is subject to the Exchange’s 

record retention policies, which comply with the CEA. 

The Exchange certifies that the Program complies with the CEA and the regulations thereunder. There were no substantive opposing views to this Program. 

CME certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the CME website at 

http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html .

If you require any additional information regarding this submission, please e-mail 

CMEGSubmissionInquiry@cmegroup.com  or contact Rachel Johnson at 312-466-4393 or via e-mail at 

Rachel.Johnson@cmegroup.com .

Sincerely, 

/s/ Maureen Guilfoile 

Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel 

Attachment: Exhibit 1 EXHIBIT 1 

# Nasdaq CME Crypto Index Futures Market Maker Program 

Program Purpose 

The purpose of this Program is to encourage participants to support the launch and development of the products listed below. A more liquid contract on the central limit order book benefits all participants in the marketplace. 

Product Scope 

Nasdaq CME Crypto Index Futures (“NCI”) and Micro Nasdaq CME Crypto Index Futures (“MCI”) traded on the CME Globex Platform (“Product s”). 

Eligible Participants 

CME may designate up to seven (7) participants in the Program. Participants may be CME members or non-members. Potential participants are required to submit an application/bid sheet to the Exchange as part of a competitive application process which is used to determine eligibility. In determining whether or not a prospective participant is selected to participate in the Program, Exchange staff may take into account a variety of factors including the strength of the quoting obligations the prospective participant is willing to commit to provide, whether Exchange staff believes that the prospective participant can maintain such obligations, and historical volume trading the Products and similar contracts. The Exchange may, from time to time, add or subtract from the aforementioned requirements as it deems necessary. 

Program Term 

Start date is June 8, 2026. End date is January 31, 2027, or the date on which the Exchange determines to modify, extend, or terminate the Program. Participants will be given notice of any changes to the Program Term. 

Hours 

Designated weekday and weekend trading hours. 

Obligations 

In order to be eligible to receive the incentives, participants must quote continuous two-sided markets in the Products at predetermined bid/ask spreads and minimum quote sizes during a certain percentage of time-in-market. 

Incentives 

Upon meeting all obligations, as determined by the Exchange, participants will receive predetermined incentives. Monitoring and Termination of Status 

The Exchange shall monitor trading activity and participants’ performance and retains the right to revoke 

participant status if it concludes from review that a participant no longer meets the eligibility requirements or fails to meet the obligations of the Program.
