          CHAPTER 5
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND PRACTICES

500. SCOPE OF CHAPTER
FLOOR PRIVILEGES
501. EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS
502. ADMISSION TO FLOOR
503. RETIRED MEMBERS
504. [RESERVED]
505. BOOTH AND FLOOR PRIVILEGES
506. HEADSET PRIVILEGES ON THE TRADING FLOOR
            506.A. Access and Supervision
            506.B. Use of Headsets
507. ELECTRONIC DEVICES
     507.A. General Provisions
     507.B. Terms and Conditions of Use
     507.C. Electronic Surveillance
     507.D. Personal Electronic Devices
     507.E. Cameras and Video Equipment
508. GIVING AND RECEIVING OF GRATUITIES
509. [RESERVED]
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND REGULATIONS
510. REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES ON THE
TRADING FLOOR
511. QUALIFIED TRADERS AND BROKERS
     511.A. Floor Trading
     511.B. Globex Trading
512. REPORTING INFRACTIONS
     512.A. General
     512.B. Sanctions
     512.C. Hearings and Appeals
513. CONDUCT, APPAREL AND BADGES
     513.A. General
     513.B. Sanctions
     513.C. Hearings and Appeals
514. TRADING INFRACTIONS
     514.A. Definitions
     514.B. Floor Conduct Committee Fining Authority
515. REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF BROKER
ASSOCIATIONS
     515.A. Definitions
     515.B. Registration Requirements
     515.C. Prohibitions
     515.D. [RESERVED]
     515.E. Intra-Association Trading
     515.F. Broker Association Enforcement Program
516. ERROR ACCOUNTS
517.-519.   [RESERVED]
TRADING PRACTICES
520. TRADING CONFINED TO EXCHANGE FACILITIES
521. REQUIREMENTS FOR OPEN OUTCRY TRADES
522. ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS AND OFFERS
523. ALL-OR-NONE TRANSACTIONS
524-525.     [RESERVED]
526. BLOCK TRADES
527. OUTTRADES, ERRORS AND MISHANDLING OF ORDERS
             527.A. Outtrades Discovered During a Regular Trading Hours Trading
                      Session
             527.B. Outtrades Discovered After a Regular Trading Hours Trading
                      Session
             527.C. Outtrades Resolution
             527.D. Errors and Mishandling of Orders
528. PRICE REPORTING
529. WITHHOLDING ORDERS PROHIBITED
530. PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS
531. TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS PROHIBITED
     531.A. General Prohibition
     531.B. Exceptions
532. DISCLOSING ORDERS PROHIBITED
533. SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL
OWNERS
534. WASH TRADES PROHIBITED
535. RESPONSIBILITY OF FLOOR TRADERS AND FLOOR BROKERS
536. RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR PIT, GLOBEX, AND NEGOTIATED
TRADES
     536.A. General Requirements for Open Outcry Pit Trades
     536.B. Globex Order Entry
     536.C. Bunched Orders and Orders Eligible for Post Execution Allocation
     536.D. Customer Type Indicator (CTI) Codes
     536.E. Negotiated Trades
     536.F. CTR Enforcement Program and Sanction Schedule
     536.G. Telephone Recordings
     536.H. Retention of Records
537. TRADE DATA SUBMITTED TO THE EXCHANGE
538. EXCHANGE FOR RELATED POSITIONS
     538.A. Parties to an EFRP
     538.B. Independently Controlled Accounts
     538.C. Related Position
     538.D. EFPs in Connection with Inventory Financing of Storable, Non-Financial Commodities
     538.E. Quantity Equivalence
     538.F. Prices and Price Increments
     538.G. EFRPs Following the Termination of Trading in Exchange Contracts
     538.H. Recordkeeping
     538.I. Submission to the Clearing House
     538.J. EFRP Volumes Required to be Reported with Daily Large Trader Positions
     538.K.. Immediately Offsetting EFPs in Foreign Currency Futures
539. PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES
PROHIBITED
     539.A. General Prohibition
     539.B. Exceptions
     539.C. Pre-Execution Communications Regarding Globex Trades in Interest Rate Options
540. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS
     540.A. Standard of Responsibility
     540.B. Liability for Negligence
541. [RESERVED]
542. SIMULTANEOUS SPREAD AND COMBINATION TRANSACTIONS
543. [RESERVED]
544. CLOSING DAY ORDERS
545. [RESERVED]
546. OPENING AND CLOSING RANGES DURING REGULAR TRADING HOURS
547. DISCRETIONARY ORDERS
548. PRIORITY OF EXECUTION
549. [RESERVED]
550. POST CLOSE SESSION
551.-552.    [RESERVED]
553. AVERAGE PRICE SYSTEM
     553.A. Application of Average Prices
     553.B. Requirements for APS Trades
     553.C. Computation of Average Price
     553.D. Disclosure
554.-558.    [RESERVED]
559. POSITION LIMITS AND EXEMPTIONS
     559.A. Bona Fide Hedging Positions
     559.B. Risk Management Positions
     559.C. Arbitrage and Spread Positions
     559.D. Aggregation of Positions
     559.E. Limited Exceptions to Aggregation for Independently Controlled Positions
     559.F. Violations
560. POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY
561. REPORTS OF LARGE POSITIONS
     561.A. General Provisions
     561.B. Reportable Levels
562. POSITION LIMIT VIOLATIONS
563.-572.    [RESERVED]
573. GLOBEX OPENING
574. GLOBEX ACCESS RESTRICTIONS
575. DISRUPTIVE PRACTICES PROHIBITED
576. IDENTIFICATION OF GLOBEX TERMINAL OPERATORS
577. [RESERVED]
578. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, NO WARRANTIES
579. GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER
     579.A. Customer Support
     579.B. GCC Communications
     579.C. Order Status
    579.D.  Cancellation of Orders at Prices Outside of the Applicable Globex
                       Price Limits
580. CME Globex Trade Matching Algorithms
581.-586.[RESERVED]
587. [RESERVED]
588. TRADE CANCELLATIONS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS
     588.A. Global Command Center Authority Regarding Trade Cancellations and Price
                       Adjustments
     588.B. Review of Trades
     588.C. Price Adjustments and Cancellations
     588.D. Alternative Resolution by Agreement of Parties
     588.E. Liability for Losses Resulting from Price Adjustments or Cancellations
                       and Prohibition on Claims for Losses Arising From Error Trades
                       Executed Within the Non-Reviewable Range
     588.F. Permissible Responses to Phantom Orders
     588.G. Schedule of Administrative Fees
     588.H. Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges
INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 5
ACCESS, CONDUCT AND APPEARANCE CODE
QUOTATION CHANGES
POSITION LIMIT, POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTABLE LEVEL TABLE
                                       Chapter 5
                          Trading Qualifications and Practices

500.   SCOPE OF CHAPTER
       This chapter prescribes rules concerning floor access privileges, qualifications for trading privileges, and
       trading practices.

                                           FLOOR PRIVILEGES

501.   EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS
       Members shall register with the Exchange all persons whom they wish to employ on the trading floor.
       Such employees may act as runners, communicators, clerks and broker assistants. Such employees
       shall not be permitted to solicit customers or benefit from the production of orders. Such employees
       shall not trade or have any interest in an account trading in any CBOT or CME futures or options
       contracts. Employees must wear a prescribed identification badge. Any member permitting trading by
       such employee shall be guilty of an offense against the Exchange. Remuneration to such employees
       shall be limited to salaries and normal bonuses. The member employer shall, upon request, provide a
       report to Exchange staff with respect to each such employee, setting forth the hours of employment,
       salary and bonus, and a copy of each employee's Internal Revenue Service W-2 Form or other
       documentation evidencing employment.
       The following shall apply to any Series B-2 (Associate), Series B-3 (GIM), Series B-4 (IDEM), or Series
       B-5 (COM) member or permit holder who also holds a broker assistant badge. Such person shall not
       trade for, or carry in his account or an account in which he has any interest, any positions in contracts
       traded on the Exchange except for those contracts which he is entitled to trade as principal or broker for
       others by virtue of his membership or permit holder status as referenced above.
       A member holding a broker assistant badge shall be required to notify his qualifying clearing member,
       as defined in Rule 903, of the name, address and immediate supervisor of the member or member firm
       by whom he is employed as a broker assistant. Upon a qualifying clearing member’s revocation of
       trading authorization in accordance with Rule 903.E., the qualifying clearing member immediately shall
       give written notice to the member or member firm which employs a member as a broker assistant that
       the member’s trading authorization has been revoked. A member holding a broker assistant badge
       shall be denied floor access privileges upon the revocation of trading authorization by his qualifying
       clearing member. The floor access privileges of a member who holds a broker assistant badge may be
       reinstated upon the filing of a release with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services
       Department by the member’s qualifying clearing member in accordance with Rule 903.D.
       Members shall be responsible for ensuring that their employees comply with all Exchange rules and
       may, subject to a determination by an Exchange disciplinary committee, be liable for any fines imposed
       upon such employees by the Exchange. The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, notify a member of
       the existence of an Exchange investigation and the conduct which is the subject of the investigation
       involving one of the member’s employees when the Market Regulation Department interviews such
       employee or, if no such interview occurs, when charges are issued against the employee by the
       Probable Cause Committee.
       No person shall be registered as an employee pursuant to this rule if such person is determined by
       Exchange staff not to be of good moral character or if it is determined that such registration may be
       detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange.
502.   ADMISSION TO FLOOR
       In addition to authorized employees and agents of the Exchange, only members, registered employees
       of members, permit holders and authorized visitors shall be permitted on the floor of the Exchange. No
       person may be introduced on the floor of the Exchange by a member on more than three days of any
       calendar month. Members must at all times accompany visitors for whom they have obtained floor
       access and are responsible for the conduct and actions of visitors for whom they have obtained floor
       access while such visitors are on Exchange premises. No privileges other than admittance to the floor
       may be extended to a guest. A guest is specifically prohibited from performing any of the functions of
       an employee of a member or member firm, entering a trading pit, placing orders, using any electronic
       devices or market display equipment and blocking aisleways or access to trading pits.
503.              RETIRED MEMBERS1
                  Any member who has been a member for at least 25 years who sells or leases his membership may
                  apply for a retired member badge which will entitle the retired member to access the trading floor. A
                  retired member who leases his membership to another person may place orders for his own account
                  from on the trading floor pursuant to the customer order entry requirements set forth in Rule 536.A.1. A
                  retired member who sells his membership is prohibited from placing orders for any account while on the
                  trading floor. Retired members are prohibited from accessing the trading pits during trading hours.
504.              [RESERVED]
505.              BOOTH AND FLOOR PRIVILEGES
                  Booth space on the trading floor may be assigned only to clearing member firms. Available booth
                  space will be assigned by Exchange staff in accordance with the policies established by the Exchange
                  and the decisions of Exchange staff regarding the assignment of booth space shall be final. Clearing
                  member firms may allocate assigned booth space to 1) members qualified by the clearing member firm
                  or 2) member firms with which it has a clearing relationship with respect to exchange products.
                  Orders may be accepted at or relayed from the booth space assigned to a clearing member firm or
                  allocated to a member or member firm by the clearing member firm only by employees of the member,
                  member firm or clearing member firm and members qualified by the clearing member firm.
                  Notwithstanding any other rule, any member who is associated as a partner, shareholder, member,
                  officer, manager, employee, or consultant with any entity or natural person that is or should be
                  registered as an Introducing Broker (“IB”), Futures Commission Merchant (“FCM”), Commodity Trading
                  Advisor (“CTA”) or Commodity Pool Operator (“CPO”) as those terms are defined in Section 1a of the
                  Commodity Exchange Act and/or 17 C.F.R. 1.3, may not solicit orders of others from the floor of the
                  Exchange unless the entity or natural person for which or for whom the member is soliciting orders is
                  also a member firm or member of the Exchange. Additionally, IBs, FCMs, CTAs and CPOs may not
                  operate from booth spaces on the trading floor unless they are member firms or wholly owned by
                  members or member firms.
506.              HEADSET PRIVILEGES ON THE TRADING FLOOR
                  506.A.        Access and Supervision
                  All members and member firms are eligible to lease headsets from the Exchange for use on the trading
                  floor by filing an application with the Telecommunications Department. Members and member firms
                  may authorize their nonmember employees to utilize headsets subject to their supervision. For the
                  purposes of this rule, a telephone in, or on the perimeter of, a trading pit shall be treated in the same
                  manner as a headset.
                  Members and member firms are responsible for ensuring that their nonmember employees who utilize
                  headsets comply with all requirements set forth in this rule and are responsible for the content of their
                  nonmember employees’ headset communications.
                  506.B.         Use of Headsets
                  Nonmember employees wearing a headset may communicate order and fill information, as well as
                  market information that has been publicly exposed to the trading pit; however, such nonmember
                  employees may not communicate their personal opinions concerning the market or trading activity.
                  Headsets may be used to communicate between locations on the trading floor, and between the trading
                  floor and off-floor locations. Headsets may be used to accept, place or relay orders provided that all
                  applicable Exchange audit trail and recordkeeping requirements are met. However, nonmember
                  customers may not place orders directly to the pit, and floor brokers and their employees may not
                  accept such orders, unless the customer’s clearing firm, in its sole discretion, has specifically authorized
                  the customer to place orders directly.
507.              ELECTRONIC DEVICES
                  507.A.        General Provisions
                  The use of any electronic device on the trading floor is prohibited unless such device and/or usage has
                  been permitted by the Exchange. For purposes of this rule, the term “electronic device” shall mean any
                  type of voice or data communications interface, including but not limited to a computer, headset, hand-
                  held device, microphone or telephone. No Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall permit others to use
                  any electronic device unless such use has been permitted by the Exchange. Members using a

1
    Revised June 2008.
       permitted electronic device on the trading floor for permissible business purposes must retain any
       required audit trail data in accordance with applicable Exchange rules and CFTC regulations.
       507.B.        Terms and Conditions of Use
       The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, impose restrictions on the use of any permitted electronic
       device by any Member. The Exchange may limit, suspend or terminate any Member's right to use any
       permitted electronic device at any time, without prior notice and without any liability to the Exchange.
       The Exchange shall have the right, at any time, to audit the use of any permitted electronic device by
       any Member.
       The Exchange accepts no responsibility for loss, theft or damage to any equipment permitted for use by
       a Member on Exchange premises.
       Electronic devices that are not issued by the Exchange must not interfere with any Exchange system.
       507.C.       Electronic Surveillance
       The Exchange may intercept and record any electronic communication received or sent from the trading
       floor to ensure compliance with Exchange Rules. Exchange members, their employees, and all others
       who are granted access to the trading floor consent, as a condition of their membership, employment,
       or access to the floor, to the interception, recording, and use of any such communication.
       507.D.        Personal Electronic Devices
       Unless permitted pursuant to Section A. above, personal electronic devices including, but not limited to,
       cell phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs) and other devices with email, instant messaging or other
       similar capabilities may be used on the trading floor only for non-business purposes.
       507.E.        Cameras and Video Equipment
       Unless expressly permissioned by the Exchange, the use of any type of camera or video equipment on
       the trading floor is prohibited.
508.   GIVING AND RECEIVING OF GRATUITIES
       A member, member firm, broker association or an employee of any of the foregoing may not give,
       directly or indirectly, to any employee of another member, member firm or broker association any
       gratuities or gifts with an aggregate market value in excess of $100 within any twelve-month period.
       This rule applies notwithstanding any internal policy of an entity that allows for gifts in excess of $100.
       The requirements of this rule apply to both the providers and the recipients of such gifts and gratuities.
509.   [RESERVED]

                          TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND REGULATIONS

510.   REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES ON THE TRADING FLOOR
       All members and their employees on the trading floor shall satisfy all orientation requirements of the
       Exchange. All members seeking to act as a floor broker, floor trader, or in any other capacity requiring
       registration pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, must be registered in accordance with applicable
       CFTC regulations.
       A member shall be prohibited from engaging in activities requiring registration under the Commodity
       Exchange Act or from representing himself to be a registrant under the Commodity Exchange Act or the
       representative or agent of any registrant if such member's floor broker or floor trader registration is
       suspended by the CFTC or if the Exchange has suspended such member's privilege to act as a floor
       broker or floor trader on the Exchange.
       All members registered with the CFTC must report any changes to such status in accordance with
       applicable CFTC regulations and must promptly notify the Shareholder Relations and Membership
       Services Department of any such changes.
511.   QUALIFIED TRADERS AND BROKERS
       No member shall be permitted to execute a pit transaction or an allowable privately negotiated
       transaction on the Exchange unless he is qualified to do so by a clearing member.
       A member shall place all trades for his own account or any account which he controls, on the books of
       his qualifying clearing member unless written authorization to the contrary from said clearing member
       has been filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department. Regardless of
       such authorization, a member in a deficit position with any clearing member shall place trades only
       through his qualifying clearing member. Any non-qualifying clearing member that carries a member's
       account in a deficit position shall promptly notify the clearing member that is qualifying such member.
       All trades initiated for a member’s account, an account which he controls or an account in which he has
       a proprietary interest shall be disclosed on the books of a clearing member.
       A member who believes his qualifying clearing member is unreasonably withholding a release
       necessary to permit the member to be qualified by a different clearing member may request a hearing
       before a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“Panel”) pursuant to the applicable provisions of
       Rule 408. The Panel may, in its sole discretion, remand a dispute concerning the validity of a signed
       non-compete agreement between the parties to arbitration pursuant to Rule 600.A. Either party may
       petition the arbitration chairman for expedited handling of the matter pursuant to Rule 613.
       The Panel may assess attorneys’ fees and the administrative costs of the proceeding against one or
       both of the parties if it determines that a claim or defense was frivolous or filed in bad faith.
       511.A.          Floor Trading
       A clearing member may, without prior notice, revoke a member’s authorization to trade by written
       revocation filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department. Such revocation
       shall be effective and the member's qualification to trade shall terminate when notice of the
       disqualification is posted on the Exchange floor. A member shall not appear upon the floor of the
       Exchange until he has been requalified. A member who has been disqualified shall promptly return his
       membership badge to the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department.
       511.B.         Globex Trading
       Unless otherwise specified by a member's qualifying clearing member, a member suspended from
       entering orders through Globex shall not be disqualified from pit trading.
       In the case of a member who has Globex access guaranteed by a clearing member other than his
       qualifying clearing member, the qualifying clearing member may terminate the member's ability to place
       orders through Globex by notifying the clearing member providing the member access to Globex. The
       clearing member providing the access to Globex will be responsible for ensuring that the member does
       not place orders through Globex.
512.   REPORTING INFRACTIONS
       512.A.       General
       All data, records and other information required by the rules to be reported to the Exchange or the
       Clearing House, as applicable, must be submitted in an accurate, complete and timely manner.
       512.B.        Sanctions
       1.  Except as otherwise provided in Rule 536, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee shall have
           the authority to impose summary fines on parties who have consented to the jurisdiction of the
           Exchange pursuant to Rule 418. Summary fines shall not exceed $5,000 per offense for individuals
           or $10,000 per offense for firms for the inaccurate, incomplete or untimely submission of data,
           records or information required to be submitted to the Exchange or the Clearing House.
       2. Individuals and firms shall have 15 days following receipt of the notice of a summary fine to present
           evidence to the Market Regulation Department that the fine should be rescinded or
           reduced. Absent the submission of such evidence within the designated time period, the fine shall
           be deemed final and may not be appealed.
       512.C.       Hearings and Appeals
       If the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee determines that evidence submitted by an individual or
       firm pursuant to Section B.2. is insufficient to support the requested rescission or reduction of the fine,
       the individual or firm may, within 10 days of the decision, file a written appeal with the Market
       Regulation Department. A written appeal that fails to specify the grounds for the appeal and the specific
       error or impropriety of the original decision shall be dismissed. The appeal shall be heard by a Panel of
       the Business Conduct Committee (“BCC Panel”) whose decision shall be final. The appellant shall be
       entitled to be represented by counsel, appear personally before the BCC Panel and present evidence
       that he may have in support of his appeal. The BCC Panel shall not set aside, modify or amend the
       appealed decision unless it determines, by a majority vote, that the decision was:
            1. Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the Exchange staff’s discretion;
            2. In excess of the Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or
            3. Based on a clearly erroneous application of Exchange rules.
       Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections B.1. and B.2. above, the Market Regulation Department,
       may, at any time, refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
513.   CONDUCT, APPAREL AND BADGES
       513.A.       General
       Members and their employees are expected to conduct themselves on Exchange premises with dignity
       and integrity in order to maintain a safe workplace and the efficiency and good name of the Exchange.
       Members and their employees shall refrain from excessive speed in moving about the trading floors,
       and shall be respectful of all others on Exchange premises and shall abide by Exchange policy
       concerning access, conduct, and appearance. Members and their employees, while on the trading
       floors, shall be professionally attired in accordance with Exchange policy, and shall wear jackets
       bearing identification badges issued by the Exchange. Members and their employees not professionally
       attired in accordance with Exchange policy may be barred or removed from the trading floors.
       Refreshments and smoking are forbidden on the trading floors at all times.
       513.B.         Sanctions
       1.  Designated Exchange officials may impose fines on members or their employees for violations of
           the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance. Fines imposed pursuant to
           Rule 513.B.1. are final and may not be appealed.
       2. A fourth violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance within a
           rolling 18-month period will be subject to a $1,000 fine.
       3. A fifth or subsequent violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance
           within a rolling 18-month period will be referred to a summary proceeding before a Panel of the
           Floor Conduct Committee. The Panel may impose a fine not to exceed $5,000 per violation.
       4. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Rule, the Chief Regulatory Officer shall have the
           authority to impose a fine not to exceed $5,000 per offense on members and their employees for
           egregious violations of Rule 513.A.
       5. The Market Regulation Department, at its discretion, may refer any alleged violation of Rule 513 to
           the Probable Cause Committee for consideration of charges.
       513.C.        Hearings and Appeals
       An individual fined pursuant to Rule 513.B.2., 3. or 4. may, within 10 days of the decision, file a written
       appeal with the Market Regulation Department. A written appeal that fails to specify the grounds for the
       appeal and the specific error or impropriety of the original decision shall be dismissed. The appeal shall
       be heard by a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“BCC Panel”) whose decision shall be final.
       The appellant shall be entitled to be represented by counsel, appear personally before the BCC Panel
       and present evidence that he may have in support of his appeal. The BCC Panel shall not set aside,
       modify or amend the appealed decision unless it determines, by majority vote, that the decision was:
       1. Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s discretion;
       2. In excess of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or
       3. Based on a clearly erroneous application of Exchange rules.
514.   TRADING INFRACTIONS
       A written complaint concerning a trading infraction pursuant to Rule 514.A. may be initiated by
       members, member firms, trading floor employees of members or member firms or staff of the
       Exchange. Charges shall be issued and hearings shall be conducted for violations of this rule in
       accordance with Rule 409.
       514.A.      Definition
       The following shall constitute trading infractions:
       1. a bid or offer out of line with the market;
       2. a bid or offer which tends to confuse the other traders;
       3. a trade through the existing bid or offer;
       4. failure to confirm a transaction;
       5. failure of a buyer and seller to properly notify the pit reporter of transaction prices in accordance
           with Rule 528 and/or failure to ascertain that such prices are properly recorded;
       6. use of profane, obscene or unbusinesslike language on the trading floor;
       7. use of undue force while on, entering or leaving the trading floor;
       8. conduct which tends to confuse, distract, abuse or intimidate any Exchange employee;
       9. conduct of an unbusinesslike nature;
       10. failure to defer to a member who has clearly turned the market;
       11. failure to indicate a quantity on a bid or offer; and
       12. disseminating false, misleading or inaccurate quotes.
       514.B.      Floor Conduct Committee Fining Authority
       A Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee that finds a member or his employee guilty of violating Rule
       514 may impose a fine of up to $10,000 per offense on such member or employee, except that an
       egregious violation of Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8. or 9. may result in a fine of up to $20,000. Notwithstanding
       the above, the total fine levied by a Panel against a respondent may not exceed $20,000 based on the
       single issuance of charges.
       If an individual is found guilty of three violations of Rule 514.A. within a rolling one-year period, or any
       three violations of Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8., and/or 9., within a rolling five-year period, any subsequent
       alleged violation under Part A. of this rule within such period shall be reviewed by the Market Regulation
       Department to determine whether to forward the alleged violation to a Panel of the Floor Conduct
       Committee for adjudication or to investigate and refer the matter to the Probable Cause Committee for
       review. Notwithstanding the above, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time, refer matters
       that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
515.   REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF BROKER ASSOCIATIONS
       515.A.        Definitions
       1.  Floor Brokerage Activity - The execution or pre-execution handling of orders on the trading floor.
       2.  Broker Association – A broker association shall include an association between two or more
           members with trading floor access privileges, of whom at least one is engaged in floor brokerage
           activity, if they:
           a. engage in floor brokerage activity on behalf of the same employer;
           b. have an employer and employee relationship which relates to floor brokerage activity;
           c. share profits and losses associated with their brokerage or trading activity; or
           d. regularly share a deck of orders.
       515.B.          Registration Requirements
       1.  A member of a broker association shall not handle or execute an order unless that association has
           registered with the Exchange.
       2. Information Required - Registration shall be accomplished by filing the appropriate registration
           forms with the Market Regulation Department.
       3. Requirement of Keeping Registration Current - It shall be the responsibility of the broker
           association and its principals or spokespersons to ensure that the association is properly
           registered. Any additions, deletions or other changes to the information already reported must be
           provided to the Market Regulation Department within two business days after the event giving rise
           to such changes.
       4. The Exchange may request any additional information from a broker association as deemed
           appropriate.
       515.C.       Prohibitions
       Members of a broker association may not share profits or losses associated with their personal trading
       activity by direct or indirect means.
       No registered broker association or member thereof shall permit a non-member or non-member firm to
       have any direct or indirect profit or ownership interest in a registered broker association. Moreover, no
       registered broker association or member thereof shall permit a member who is not involved in the pre-
       execution or execution of customer orders to have any direct or indirect profit or ownership interest in a
       registered broker association.
       515.D.         [Reserved]
       515.E.         Intra-Association Trading
       The Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer may jointly establish
       limits on the percentage of personal trades that a member of a broker association may trade opposite
       other members of broker associations with which he is affiliated.
       The Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer may jointly establish
       limits on the percentage of orders that a member of a broker association may fill opposite other
       members of broker associations with which he is affiliated.
       The liquidity of a contract and any other conditions determined to be relevant will be considered when
       determining to impose the trading restrictions set forth above. The trading restrictions shall apply only
            during Regular Trading Hours to the most active month or months of any contract. Compliance shall be
            measured separately for each full calendar month.
            The Market Regulation Department may grant exceptions to the trading restrictions in circumstances
            where a broker association can demonstrate that compliance with the limits may reduce liquidity or
            impede the creation of new business in the affected market.
            515.F.       Broker Association Enforcement Program
            Percentage Restrictions on Personal Trading and the Execution of Orders
            A letter of warning shall be issued for a first occurrence of exceeding the percentage restriction on
            personal trading or the execution of customer orders in contracts subject to the trading restrictions in
            Section E. Subsequent occurrences within 24 months shall result in automatic fines in accordance with
            the following schedule:

            Second occurrence                                    $1,000
            Third occurrence                                     $5,000
            Subsequent occurrences                               $10,000
            Letters of warning and fines issued pursuant this section are final and may not be appealed; however
            members will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to the Market
            Regulation Department that administrative, clerical or other errors caused the apparent rule violation.
            Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time,
            refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
516.        ERROR ACCOUNTS
            Each member who acts as a floor broker must maintain a designated error account with his qualifying
            clearing member into which he places brokerage errors. This requirement shall not apply to a floor
            broker who initiates trades or enters orders solely on behalf of a member firm’s proprietary account.
            Each qualifying clearing member which carries an error account agrees, without qualification, to accept
            and clear the broker’s trades involving brokerage errors.
517.-519.   [RESERVED]

                                               TRADING PRACTICES

520.        TRADING CONFINED TO EXCHANGE FACILITIES
            All trading in Exchange products must occur on or through Exchange facilities and in accordance with
            Exchange rules.
521.        REQUIREMENTS FOR OPEN OUTCRY TRADES
            In open outcry trading, bidding and offering practices must at all times be conducive to the competitive
            execution of transactions. All open outcry transactions, including spread and combination transactions,
            shall be made openly and competitively in the pit designated for the trading of the particular transaction.
            No bid or offer shall be specified for acceptance by a particular trader. Transactions may take place
            only at the best price available in the open outcry market at the time the trade occurs.
            It shall be the duty of both traders to confirm their trades as to the price, quantity, commodity, contract
            month, respective clearing members and, for options, strike price, put or call and expiration month.
            Confirmation shall take place as soon as possible, but in no event more than 15 minutes after the trade.
522.        ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS AND OFFERS
            In open outcry and electronic trading, while outstanding, all or any part of any bid or offer is subject to
            immediate acceptance by any trader. Members are required to honor all bids or offers which have not
            been withdrawn from the market. The price at which a trade is executed shall be binding, unless such
            trade is cancelled by Exchange officials in accordance with Exchange rules.
523.        ALL-OR-NONE TRANSACTIONS
            The Exchange shall determine the minimum thresholds for and the commodities in which All-or-None
            transactions shall be permitted. The following shall govern All-or-None trading:
            1. A member may request an All-or-None bid and/or offer for a specified quantity at or in excess of the
                 applicable minimum threshold. Such request shall be made in the pit designated for the trading of
                 the particular transaction.
            2.   A member may respond by quoting an All-or-None bid or offer price. A bid or offer in response to
                 an All-or-None request shall be made only when it is the best bid or offer in response to such
                 request, but such price need not be in line with the bids and offers currently being quoted in the
                 regular market.
            3.   A member shall not execute any order by means of an All-or-None transaction unless the order
                 includes specific instructions to execute an All-or-None transaction or the All-or-None bid or offer is
                 the best price available to satisfy the terms of the order.
            4.   An All-or-None bid or offer may be accepted by one or more members provided that the entire
                 quantity of the All-or-None order is executed at a single price and that each counterparty to the
                 order accepts a quantity at or in excess of the designated minimum counterparty threshold. Each
                 order executed opposite an All-or-None order must be for a quantity that meets or exceeds the
                 minimum counterparty threshold. Separate orders may not be bunched to meet the minimum
                 counterparty threshold.
            5.   All-or-None transactions shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or
                 otherwise affect orders in the regular market.
            6.   All-or-None transactions must be reported to a designated Exchange official who shall record and
                 publish the quantity and prices separately from reports of transactions in the regular market. The
                 brokers executing All-or-None transactions must maintain a record of said transaction in
                 accordance with Rule 536
524.-525.   [RESERVED]
526.        BLOCK TRADES
            The Exchange shall designate the products in which block trades shall be permitted and determine the
            minimum quantity thresholds for such transactions, subject to the provisions in Article IV, Section
            D(2)(e) of the Exchange’s Certificate of Incorporation that are applicable to rule changes.
            The following shall govern block trades:
            A. A block trade must be for a quantity that is at or in excess of the applicable minimum threshold.
                Orders may not be aggregated in order to achieve the minimum transaction size, except by those
                entities described in Sections I. and J.
            B. Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined in
                Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
            C. A member shall not execute any order by means of a block trade for a customer unless such
                customer has specified that the order be executed as a block trade.
            D. The price at which a block trade is executed must be fair and reasonable in light of (i) the size of
                the block trade, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract at the relevant
                time, (iii) the prices and sizes of transactions in other relevant markets, including without limitation
                the underlying cash market or related futures markets, at the relevant time, and (iv) the
                circumstances of the markets or the parties to the block trade.
            E. Block trades shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or otherwise
                affect orders in the regular market.
            F. Unless otherwise agreed to by the principal counterparties to the block trade, the seller, or, in the
                case of a brokered transaction, the broker handling the block trade, must ensure that each block
                trade is reported to the Exchange within five minutes of the time of execution; except that block
                trades in interest rate futures and options executed outside of Regular Trading Hours (7:00 a.m. –
                4:00 p.m. Central Time, Monday – Friday on regular business days) must be reported within fifteen
                minutes of the time of execution.
                The report must include the contract, contract month, price, quantity of the transaction, the
                respective clearing members, the time of execution, and, for options, strike price, put or call and
                expiration month. The Exchange shall promptly publish such information separately from the
                reports of transactions in the regular market.
            G. Block trades must be reported to the Clearing House in accordance with an approved reporting
                method.
            H. Clearing members and members involved in the execution of block trades must maintain a record
                of the transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
            I. A commodity trading advisor ("CTA") registered or exempt from registration under the Act,
                including, without limitation, any investment advisor registered or exempt from registration under
            the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., B.,
            C., and D., provided such advisors have total assets under management exceeding $25 million and
            the block trade is suitable for the customers of such advisors.
       J.   A foreign Person performing a similar role or function to a CTA or investment advisor as described
            in Section I, and subject as such to foreign regulation, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of
            Sections A., B., C., and D., provided such Persons have total assets under management exceeding
            $25 million and the block trade is suitable for the customers of such Persons.
527.   OUTTRADES, ERRORS AND MISHANDLING OF ORDERS
       527.A.        Outtrades Discovered During a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
       It shall be the duty of a member discovering an outtrade during a Regular Trading Hours session to
       immediately notify the opposite trader. Thereafter, if the matter cannot be resolved between the parties,
       they shall immediately determine who will cover the trade and the trade shall immediately be covered.
       527.B.        Outtrades Discovered After a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
       A clearing member that is unable with diligent effort to resolve an outtrade with another clearing
       member shall notify the member who executed the trade. Such notice shall be given prior to the
       following day’s Regular Trading Hours session in sufficient time to allow the member to make provisions
       for the resolution of the outtrade.
       Outtrades discovered after a Regular Trading Hours session shall be resolved between the parties to
       the outtrade as provided in this rule, no later than the opening of trading of the next Regular Trading
       Hours session.
       527.C.         Outtrades Resolution
       To resolve an outtrade, the parties shall attempt to agree upon: (1) the reconciliation of any discrepancy
       in the terms of the trade, (2) which party will cover the trade and the method for covering the trade, if
       applicable, and (3) the apportionment of the financial results of the outtrade. In the event the parties are
       unable to agree on the apportionment of the financial results, the parties must nevertheless immediately
       reconcile the outtrade.
       The price at the time of the open of the next Regular Trading Hours session shall fix the limit of liability
       as a result of the outtrade. Regardless of the ultimate determination of financial responsibility for the
       outtrade, a party who unreasonably refuses to cover the outtrade via an appropriate alternate market
       may be liable to the other party for the difference between the price at which the outtrade could have
       been covered in the alternate market and the price at the time of the open of the next Regular Trading
       Hours session.
       Outtrades shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures below:
       1. Straight Out Customer Outtrades
            If a floor broker discovers that all or some portion of a customer order was executed but cannot be
            cleared, the broker shall either 1) re-execute the order in the market and adjust the customer by
            check if the re-execution price is worse than the original execution price, or, if the re-execution
            price is better than the original execution price, the customer is entitled to the better price or 2)
            assign the opposite side of the portion that cannot be cleared to his error account and assign a fill
            to the customer at the execution price. The floor broker shall not liquidate the assigned position
            until at least ten minutes have elapsed after the execution of the order giving rise to the outtrade
            and the bracket period in which the outtrade occurred has ended; however, these liquidation
            restrictions shall not apply to a liquidation during the post close session. Any profits or losses
            resulting from the liquidation of the assigned position belong to the floor broker and any such profits
            may be retained or disbursed at his discretion.
            A floor broker who assigns the opposite side of an order pursuant to this rule shall: 1) clearly
            identify all such transactions by appropriate designation; 2) submit such trade information to his
            qualifying clearing member in sufficient time to enable the clearing member to submit the trade for
            the next intra-day reconciliation; 3) document in writing the circumstances surrounding any such
            transaction and promptly provide such documentation to the Market Regulation Department upon
            request; and 4) identify the subsequent liquidation of the assigned trade on the floor broker’s
            trading card or other document.
       2. Price Outtrades
            When an outtrade exists due to a price discrepancy, members making the trade may choose to
            resolve the discrepancy by electing either of the two prices in question, if they agree that the trade
            was executed at that price.
    If an outtrade involves a price discrepancy between a local and a broker, and the members cannot
    agree on the price of execution, the price recorded by the broker shall be used to clear the trade.
    If an outtrade between locals or an outtrade between brokers involves a price discrepancy, and the
    members cannot agree on the price of execution, the buyer’s price shall be used to clear the trade.
3. Quantity Outtrades
    When an outtrade exists due to a quantity discrepancy, members making the trade may choose to
    resolve the discrepancy by electing either of the two quantities in question, if they agree that the
    trade was executed for that quantity.
    If an outtrade between locals involves a quantity discrepancy and the members cannot agree on
    the quantity that was executed, the higher quantity shall be used to clear the trade.
    A broker may assign the opposite side of any quantity which he believes that he has executed, but
    which cannot be cleared, to his error account, pursuant to Section 1 above.
4. Bona Fide Contract Month, Strike, Put vs. Call and Side of Market (Buy vs. Buy or Sell vs. Sell)
    Outtrades
    When an outtrade exists due to a contract month, strike price, side of market, or put/call
    discrepancy, and any party who executed a customer order believes that the order was executed in
    accordance with its instructions, the outtrade may be resolved in any one of the following ways:
    a. The trade may be busted. If a broker re-executes his order, any losses incurred by the
          customer as a result of the delay in execution must be adjusted by check. If the order is
          executed at a more favorable price, the customer is entitled to the better price.
    b. The members making the trade(s) may agree to clear either trade or both trades in accordance
          with the members’ recorded trade data.
    c. A broker may assign the opposite side of his order to his error account, pursuant to Section 1.
          above, and he may agree to the clearing of the transaction according to the terms of the other
          member’s recorded trade data.
    d. If both members involved in the outtrade are brokers, they may each assign the opposite side
          of their respective orders to their error accounts pursuant to Section 1. above.
    A customer shall not be entitled to any portion of any profits realized by a local who was on the
    opposite side of an outtrade between the local and the customer’s broker, as a result of the local’s
    liquidation of his position. Such profits belong to the local, and may be retained or disbursed at his
    discretion. If the local chooses to disburse any portion of such profits to the broker, and the
    broker’s customer has received a fill in accordance with the broker’s recorded trade data, the
    broker is not obligated to offer such profits to his customer.
    Nothing herein shall in any way limit a member's right to submit an outtrade to Exchange arbitration
    if the outtrade cannot be resolved by agreement.
527.D.         Errors and Mishandling of Orders
If a broker overbuys or oversells for an order, the customer is not entitled to any of the quantity
executed in excess of the order quantity. A position that has been established as a result of an
erroneous execution or mishandling of an order must be placed in the error account of the broker or firm
responsible for the error or order mishandling. Any profits resulting from the liquidation of trades placed
in a broker’s or firm’s error account belong to the relevant broker or firm, and any such profits may be
retained or disbursed at the broker’s or firm’s discretion.
1. Unfilled or Underfilled Orders
     If a broker fails to execute an order or underbuys or undersells for an order, the broker shall do one
     of the following:
     a. Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market and adjust the customer by
           check if the customer is filled at a price less favorable than that to which he was entitled due to
           the broker’s error or mishandling of the order. If the order is filled at a more favorable price,
           the customer is entitled to the better price.
     b. Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market. If the order, or the remainder of
           the order, is filled at a worse price than that to which the customer was entitled but for the error
           or mishandling, the broker may allocate the fill to his error account, pursuant to Section C.1.
           above, provide the customer a fill at the price to which the customer was entitled, and place
           the opposite side of the customer fill into his error account. If the order is filled at a more
           favorable price, the customer is entitled to the better price.
2. Wrong Contract Month, Wrong Strike, or Wrong Commodity Executions
                       When an order has been executed in the wrong contract month, wrong strike price, or wrong
                       commodity, and the erroneous transaction has been placed in the relevant broker’s or firm’s error
                       account, the error may be corrected by one of the following:
                       a. Execution of the order in accordance with its terms, with an adjustment to the customer by
                           check if the order is executed at a worse price as a result of the error or mishandling of the
                           order.
                       b. Execution of a spread or combination transaction to execute the order and liquidate the
                           position arising from the initial erroneous execution of the order, whereby one leg of the spread
                           or combination transaction represents the correct execution of the order and the other leg
                           offsets the erroneous position in the broker’s or firm’s error account. The broker or firm must
                           clearly identify such transactions by appropriate designation, clearly document in writing the
                           circumstances surrounding the nature of the error and promptly provide such documentation to
                           the Market Regulation Department upon request.
                  3.   Wrong Side of Market Executions
                       When an order has been executed on the wrong side of the market and the erroneous execution
                       has been placed in the relevant broker’s or firm’s error account, the order shall be executed in
                       accordance with its terms, with an adjustment to the customer by check if the order is executed at a
                       worse price as a result of the error or mishandling of the order.
528.              PRICE REPORTING
                  Parties to a pit transaction shall properly notify the designated Exchange official of the price at which
                  trades have been consummated. Both parties to a pit trade are required to ensure that such price is
                  properly posted.
                  Whenever a member makes a trade with another member and such trade constitutes a price infraction,
                  he shall 1) immediately break the trade; or 2) satisfy all bids or offers which were adversely affected; or
                  3) adjust the price of the trade to the price which existed when the price infraction occurred, provided
                  that both parties agree to adjust the price and the terms of any affected orders are satisfied.
529.              WITHHOLDING ORDERS PROHIBITED
                  A Member (as defined in Rule 400), or any person entering orders on the Globex platform, shall not
                  withhold or withdraw from the market any order, or any part of an order, for the benefit of any person
                  other than the person placing the order.
530.              PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS' ORDERS1
                  A member shall not buy (sell) a futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or sell (buy) a put option for his
                  own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account over which
                  he has discretionary trading authority when he is in possession of an executable order for another
                  person to buy (sell) a futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or sell (buy) a put option in the same
                  product, regardless of the venue of execution. All contract months in a given futures product and all
                  options on the futures product, in addition to any corresponding alternative sized (mini or micro) futures
                  or options contracts on a given product, shall be considered the same product for the purposes of this
                  rule.
                  The foregoing shall not apply to DRT orders provided that the customer has previously consented in
                  writing and evidence of such general consent is indicated on the order with the “WP” (with permission)
                  designation. In the case of a floor broker holding a discretionary order for an account described in Rule
                  547, a "WP" designation on the order shall constitute sufficient evidence of prior consent.
                  No person shall enter an order into the Globex platform for his own account, an account in which he has
                  a direct or indirect financial interest or an account over which he has discretionary trading authority,
                  including, without limitation, an order allowing discretion as to time and price, when such person is in
                  possession of any order for another person that the Globex platform is capable of accepting.
531.              TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS' ORDERS PROHIBITED
                  531.A.         General Prohibition
                  No person in possession of a customer order shall knowingly take, directly or indirectly, the opposite
                  side of such order for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest,
                  or an account over which he has discretionary trading authority.


1
    Revised June 2008; September 2009.
       531.B.        Exceptions
       The foregoing restriction shall not apply to the following:
       1. Transactions executed in accordance with Rule 527 to resolve bona fide outtrades or errors;
       2. Transactions executed pursuant to Rule 538;
       3. Block trades executed pursuant to Rule 526;
       4. On the Globex platform, a person may knowingly trade against his customer order for his own
           account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, an account over which he
           has discretionary trading authority, or a proprietary account of his employer, only if the customer
           order has been entered immediately upon receipt and has first been exposed on the Globex
           platform for a minimum of 5 seconds in the case of futures orders or for a minimum of 15 seconds
           in the case of options orders; and
       5. Transactions where the customer has consented in writing no more than 12 months prior to the
           transaction to waive the application of Rule 531.A. Such transactions shall further be subject to the
           following requirements: (i) if the transaction was pit traded, the member complies with the
           requirements set forth in Rule 533; (ii) the member clearly identifies, by appropriate descriptive
           words, all such transactions, and (iii) if the transaction was pit traded, the member ensures that it is
           reported to Exchange price reporting staff for entry into the Exchange Price Reporting System as a
           cross trade.
532.   DISCLOSING ORDERS PROHIBITED
       No person shall disclose another person's order to buy or sell except to a designated Exchange official
       or the CFTC, and no person shall solicit or induce another person to disclose order information. An
       order for pit execution is not considered public until it has been bid or offered by open outcry. No
       person shall take action or direct another to take action based on non-public order information, however
       acquired. The mere statement of opinions or indications of the price at which a market may open or
       resume trading does not constitute a violation of this rule.
533.   SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL OWNERS
       A member who is in possession of both buy and sell orders for different beneficial owners for the same
       product and expiration month, and, for a put or call option, the same strike price, may execute such
       orders for and directly between such beneficial owners provided that in pit trading, a member executing
       such orders shall first bid and offer by open outcry three times at the same price, stating the number of
       contracts, and, thereafter, if neither the bid nor the offer is accepted, the orders may be matched in the
       presence, and with the approval, of a designated Exchange official.
       The member making such transactions shall, by appropriate descriptive words or symbols, clearly
       identify all such transactions on his trading card or other similar record made at the time of the
       execution. The member executing such trade must ensure that it is reported to Exchange price
       reporting staff for entry into the Exchange Price Reporting System. Failure to identify the transaction to
       Exchange price reporting staff as a cross trade shall constitute a violation of this rule.
       On the Globex platform, opposite orders for different beneficial owners that are simultaneously placed
       by a party with discretion over both accounts may be entered into the Globex platform provided that one
       order is exposed for a minimum of 5 seconds in the case of futures orders or a minimum of 15 seconds
       in the case of options orders. An order allowing for price and/or time discretion, if not entered
       immediately upon receipt, may be knowingly entered opposite another order entered by the same firm
       only if this other order has been entered immediately upon receipt and has been exposed on the Globex
       platform for a minimum of 5 seconds for futures orders or a minimum of 15 seconds for options orders.
534.   WASH TRADES PROHIBITED
       No person shall place or accept buy and sell orders in the same product and expiration month, and, for
       a put or call option, the same strike price, where the person knows or reasonably should know that the
       purpose of the orders is to avoid taking a bona fide market position exposed to market risk (transactions
       commonly known or referred to as wash sales). Buy and sell orders for different accounts with common
       beneficial ownership that are entered with the intent to negate market risk or price competition shall also
       be deemed to violate the prohibition on wash trades. Additionally, no person shall knowingly execute or
       accommodate the execution of such orders by direct or indirect means.
535.   RESPONSIBILITY OF FLOOR TRADERS AND FLOOR BROKERS
       Every floor trader and floor broker shall assist his clearing member in the clearing of his trades. Every
       floor trader and floor broker must leave contact information with the clearing member through which or
       for which he has traded in order that he may be contacted during the balance of the day in the event
       there is a discrepancy in the clearing of his trades.
       Each floor trader and floor broker or his designated representative must be available on the trading floor
       to resolve outtrades in contracts in which he executed trades on the previous day no later than 30
       minutes prior to the opening of the relevant market (or at such other times as may be designated by
       Exchange officials). If the trader or broker or his designated representative is not present during such
       period, the clearing member through which or for which the trader or broker has traded shall be
       authorized to resolve any outtrade in the manner it deems appropriate, but such resolution shall not be
       determinative of the liability of any party to the outtrade.
       A floor trader or floor broker who fails to comply with this rule may be assessed a fine of $1,000 for the
       first violation, $2,000 for a second violation within 30 days of the first violation and $3,000 for a third and
       each subsequent violation within 30 days of the first violation. Fines imposed pursuant to this schedule
       are final and may not be appealed.
536.   RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR PIT, GLOBEX, AND NEGOTIATED TRADES
       536.A.        General Requirements for Open Outcry Pit Trades
       At the time of execution, it shall be the duty of every member to record each trade made for an account
       the member owns or controls showing the date, price, quantity, product, expiration month, bracket
       symbol, opposite trader, opposite clearing member and, for options, put or call and strike price. Floor
       brokers executing an order shall record their trading symbol, price, quantity, bracket, opposite trader
       and clearing member. Trades or order executions must either be recorded on an approved electronic
       device or, if recorded on written records, in non-erasable ink.
       Members must designate on the trading document used to record a trade whether such trade is a
       spread trade and record “D” for single line entry differential spreads and “6” for all other spreads.
       A member may correct any errors on written trading records by crossing out erroneous trade
       information without obliterating or otherwise making illegible any of the originally recorded information.
       Each member shall provide his clearing member with any trading documents which are relied upon for
       transactional information necessary for submission to the clearing system containing those trades that
       have been executed thus far during that day. Trading documents include trading cards of members'
       personal and proprietary trades, trading cards of one member reflecting trades executed on behalf of
       another member and floor order tickets. Such trading documents must be submitted and timestamped
       no later than 15 minutes after the end of each half-hour interval. If a broker has only partially filled an
       order at the end of a half-hour period, he does not have to submit the document used to record the
       execution to the appropriate clearing member until the entire order has been filled, the unexecuted
       portion of the order is cancelled, or the market has closed for that contract, whichever occurs first.
       In addition, each member must maintain, and is accountable for, all other documents on which original
       trade information is recorded, whether or not such information is subsequently endorsed on an order
       ticket or entered into an approved electronic device. Trading cards used to record the execution of
       flashed or electronically transmitted orders are not required to have the member’s trading symbol pre-
       printed on them, but such cards must be visually distinct from the pre-printed trading cards used by the
       member to record trades for accounts he owns or controls.
       The correct bracket symbol in accordance with the list below must be recorded for each pit trade.


                    Time Intervals                                Bracket Code
                    Unknown to data entry operator                ?
                    Opening range for each contract               $
                    Closing range for each contract               %
                    Post Close Session                            #
                    7:00:00 a.m. – 7:14:59 a.m.                   A
                    7:15:00 a.m. – 7:29:59 a.m.                   B
                    7:30:00 a.m. – 7:44:59 a.m.                   C
                    7:45:00 a.m. – 7:59:59 a.m.                   D
                    8:00:00 a.m. – 8:14:59 a.m.                   E
            Time Intervals                              Bracket Code
            8:15:00 a.m. – 8:29:59 a.m.                 F
            8:30:00 a.m. – 8:44:59 a.m.                 G
            8:45:00 a.m. – 8:59:59 a.m.                 H
            9:00:00 a.m. – 9:14:59 a.m.                 I
            9:15:00 a.m. – 9:29:59 a.m.                 J
            9:30:00 a.m. – 9:44:59 a.m.                 K
            9:45:00 a.m. – 9:59:59 a.m.                 L
            10:00:00 a.m. – 10:14:59 a.m.               M
            10:15:00 a.m. – 10:29:59 a.m.               N
            10:30:00 a.m. – 10:44:59 a.m.               O
            10:45:00 a.m. – 10:59:59 a.m.               P
            11:00:00 a.m. – 11:14:59 a.m.               Q
            11:15:00 a.m. – 11:29:59 a.m.               R
            11:30:00 a.m. – 11:44:59 a.m.               S
            11:45:00 a.m. – 11:59:59 a.m.               T
            12:00:00 p.m. – 12:14:59 p.m.               V
            12:15:00 p.m. – 12:29:59 p.m.               W
            12:30:00 p.m. – 12:44:59 p.m.               X
            12:45:00 p.m. – 12:59:59 p.m.               Y
            1:00:00 p.m. – 1:14:59 p.m.                 Z
            1:15:00 p.m. – 1:29:59 p.m.                 2
            1:30:00 p.m. – 1:44:59 p.m.                 3
            1:45:00 p.m. – 1:59:59 p.m.                 4
            2:00:00 p.m. – 2:14:59 p.m.                 5
            2:15:00 p.m. – 2:29:59 p.m.                 6
            2:30:00 p.m. – 2:44:59 p.m.                 7
            2:45:00 p.m. – 2:59:59 p.m.                 8
            3:00:00 p.m. – 3:15:00 p.m.                 9


Trades that are not recorded contemporaneously due to an error or an outtrade shall be recorded on
the member’s next pre-printed, sequentially numbered trading card. If the trade is not recorded in
sequence, the member must cross out the pre-printed sequence number and write “9999” on the card.
In any situation where someone other than the member is resolving a member’s outtrades, the outtrade
clerk or broker’s clerk may use a blank card and write “9999” on the card to denote that it is out of
sequence. The person resolving the outtrade for a member must initial the card.
Firms must enter an “E” into the order type field to identify any errors placed into a firm error account.
1. Customer Orders
At the time of execution, every order received from a customer must be in the form of a written or
electronic record and include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was
received on the floor of the Exchange and, except as provided in Section C, must identify the specific
account(s) for which the order was placed. Such record shall also include an electronic timestamp
reflecting the date and time such order was modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled.
Upon request, a clearing firm must provide its broker, in an expeditious and reasonable manner, with a
copy of every floor order such broker is asked to execute.
2. Individual Member Orders
     a. A member on the trading floor who enters an order with another member shall record the order
          instructions and the time of placement to the nearest minute in sequence with the other trades
          recorded on his pre-sequenced trading cards, unless such order is immediately entered into an
          approved electronic device or recorded pursuant to Section 2.b. below. Orders that involve
          options-futures combinations and other spread trades where the initiating member personally
          executes at least one leg of the spread shall not be subject to this requirement.
          The member executing the order must record the time of execution to the nearest minute for
          each execution made for the order on the trading card or other document used to record the
          trade(s) and must return this card or document to the initiating member.
          The trading card used to record the placement of the flashed or verbal order and any trading
          card or document used to record the execution of the order must be submitted together to the
          clearing member by the member placing the order or his representative.
     b. Every written order that is initiated by a member for his own account while on the trading floor
          must include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was transmitted
          for execution and when such order was modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled.
     c. A member or his employee standing in a trading pit receiving an order directly over a headset
          for pit execution from an off-floor member for his account must simultaneously make a written
          record of the order on a trading card or other document including the identification of the
          member calling in the order unless such order is immediately entered into an approved
          electronic device. The member executing the order must record the time of execution to the
          nearest minute for each execution made for the order on any trading card or other document
          used to record the trade(s) and must return this card or document to the initiating member’s
          clearing member.
3. Proprietary Orders of Clearing Members and Certain Member Entities
Upon receipt on the floor of the Exchange, an order placed for the proprietary account of a member firm
must be in the form of a written or electronic record that includes an electronic timestamp reflecting the
date and time such order was received on the floor and must identify the specific account(s) for which
the order was placed. Such record shall also include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and
time such order was modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled.
Orders placed by an employee of a member firm for its proprietary account that are entered directly to
the pit via headset with another employee of the member firm do not require a written and timestamped
order ticket provided that the order is executed by a member employee of the member firm and such
member records the time of execution to the nearest minute for each execution made for the order on
the trading card or other document used to record the trade(s).
4. Trades Made by Members for Accounts Owned or Controlled by Such Member
Each member executing transactions on the trading floor for such member’s personal account or an
account controlled by such member who uses trading cards as the original record of such transactions
must use pre-printed sequentially pre-numbered trading cards. A new trading card must be used at the
beginning of each time bracket.
Each member who uses such trading cards must record the transactions in non-erasable ink in exact
chronological order of execution on sequential lines of the trading card, and no lines may be skipped.
Any lines that remain after the last execution recorded on a trading card must be marked through. All
transactions which are recorded on a single trading card must be recorded on the same side of such
trading card. No more than six transactions may be recorded on each trading card. Trading card
sequence numbers must be unique during a one-week period.
The trading cards must contain pre-printed member identification which will include, but will not be
limited to, the trading acronym and the full name of the member. The trading cards must also contain
preprinted bracket designations.
Members who use an approved electronic device to record their trades, whether as an original record,
or subsequent to recording their trades on trading cards, must record their trades on the device in the
exact sequence in which they were executed and must ensure that the correct time bracket is entered
for each transaction.
Members trading for an account they own or control shall be accountable for their pre-printed
sequentially numbered trading cards, including those cards which are unused or voided.
536.B.        Globex Order Entry
1. General Requirement
Each Globex terminal operator entering orders into Globex shall accurately input for each order: a) the
user ID assigned him by the Exchange, a clearing member or other authorized entity (Tag 50 ID) b) the
price, quantity, product, expiration month, CTI code, automated or manual indicator (Tag 1028) and
account number (except as provided in Section C.), and, for options, put or call and strike price. The
Globex terminal operator’s user ID must be present on each order entered. For a Globex terminal
operator with access pursuant to Rule 574, clearing members authorizing such access will be
responsible for the Globex terminal operator’s compliance with this rule.
With respect to orders received by a Globex terminal operator which are capable of being immediately
entered into Globex, no record other than that set forth above need be made. However, if a Globex
terminal operator receives an order which cannot be immediately entered into Globex, the Globex
terminal operator must prepare a written order and include the account designation, date, time of receipt
and other information required pursuant to section A.1. above. The order must be entered into Globex
when it becomes executable.
2. Electronic Audit Trail Requirements for Electronic Order Routing/Front-End Systems
Entities certified by the Exchange to connect an order routing/front-end system to the Globex platform
through the CME iLink® gateway are responsible for creating an audit trail of each message entered
into Globex. Clearing members guaranteeing a connection to Globex are responsible for maintaining or
causing to be maintained the electronic audit trail for such systems. This electronic audit trail must be
maintained for a minimum of 5 years, and clearing members must have the ability to produce this data
in a standard format upon request of Market Regulation.
Each such electronic audit trail must be complete and accurate and account for every electronic
communication such system receives or generates, including any electronic communication such
system receives from Globex.
This electronic audit trail must contain all order receipt, order entry, order modification, and response
receipt times to the highest level of precision achievable by the operating system, but at least to the
millisecond. The times captured must not be able to be modified by the person entering the order. The
data must also contain all Fix Tag information and fields which should include, but is not limited to the
following:
A record of all fields relating to order entry, including transaction date, product, Exchange code,
expiration month, quantity, order type, order qualifier, price, buy/sell indicator, stop/trigger price, order
number, unique transaction number, account number, session ID, Tag 50 ID, automated or manual
indicator (Tag 1028), self-match prevention ID (Tag 7928) where applicable, host order number, trader
order number, clearing member, type of action, action status code, customer type indicator, origin, and
timestamps. For executed orders the audit trail must record the execution time of the trade along with all
fill information.
In the case where the Guaranteeing Clearing Firm has a direct connect client that is another Clearing
Firm or a corporate Equity Member, the Clearing Firm may notify the client Clearing Firm or Corporate
Equity Member that it is their obligation to maintain the electronic audit trail. Upon execution of this
written notice, it shall be the duty of the client Clearing Firm or Corporate Equity Member to maintain an
electronic audit trail pursuant to this rule.
536.C.          Bunched Orders and Orders Eligible for Post Execution Allocation
Bunched orders must be allocated and recorded in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.35(b) and the
NFA’s Interpretive Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10.
A bunched order for pit execution does not require the specific account number to be recorded at the
time of order placement or upon the report of execution provided that 1) the order is being placed by an
account manager for multiple accounts eligible for post execution allocation or 2) a written, pre-
determined allocation scheme has been provided to the futures commission merchant accepting or
clearing the order prior to the time the order has been placed. Additionally, at the time of receipt on the
trading floor, bunched orders that do not contain specific account numbers must contain a series, group,
or suspense account indicator which relates directly to the group of accounts for which the order has
been placed. A bunched order may be initially cleared into a suspense account provided that the final
account-specific allocations are submitted to the clearing system no later than the end of each trading
day.
With respect to bunched Globex orders, such orders may be entered using a series designation or
suspense account number provided that 1) the order is being placed by an account manager for
multiple accounts eligible for post execution allocation or 2) a written, pre-determined allocation scheme
that defines the series has been provided to the futures commission merchant accepting or clearing the
order prior to the time that such order is entered. In the latter case, if such information has not been
provided to the futures commission merchant prior to the time of order entry, each specific account
number must be entered into Globex. Additionally, for all such bunched orders executed on Globex, the
final account specific allocations must be submitted to the clearing system no later than the end of each
trading day.
Bunched orders for non-discretionary accounts may be entered either for pit execution or through
Globex; however, only the following order types may be bunched: Market on Open, Market on Close,
same priced Limit Orders and same priced Stop Orders. Such non-discretionary orders may only be
bunched in the following instances:
a. Each order underlying the bunched order must be reduced to writing and include the information
      required pursuant to Section A.1. above;
b. Allocation of the executions for the bunched orders must be fair and equitable in accordance with
      the NFA’s Interpretive Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10; and
c. In circumstances where the order is bunched in a member firm’s sales office, the party accepting
      the order must, contemporaneously with the order placement, transmit the individual account
      numbers and quantities associated with the bunched order to the clearing member firm. Such
      transmission shall be maintained by the clearing member firm along with the bunched order.
536.D.         Customer Type Indicator (CTI) Codes
Each clearing member must identify each transaction 1) executed on the trading floor, 2) executed on
the Globex platform or 3) privately negotiated as a block trade pursuant to Rule 526 or an EFRP
pursuant to Rule 538 on the record of the transaction submitted to the Exchange with the correct
customer type indicator (CTI) code. The CTI codes are as follows:
CTI 1: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to transactions initiated and
executed by an individual member for his own account, for an account he controls, or for an account in
which he has an ownership or financial interest. However, transactions initiated and executed by a
member for the proprietary account of a member firm must be designated as CTI 2 transactions.
CTI 2: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to orders entered or trades
executed for the proprietary accounts of a member firm, including Rule 106.H., I., J., R. and S. firms.
CTI 3: Electronic Trading – Applies to orders entered by a member or a nonmember terminal operator
for the account of another individual member or an account controlled by such other individual member.
CTI 3: Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to orders that a member executes on behalf of
another individual member, or for an account such other member controls or in which such other
member has an ownership or financial interest.
CTI 4: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to all orders and transactions
not included in CTI categories 1, 2 or 3. These typically are orders entered by or on behalf of
nonmember entities.
536.E.        Negotiated Trades
All orders executed in accordance with Rules 526 and 538, unless otherwise exempted by rule, are
subject to the recordation requirements pursuant to Section A.1.
536.F.        CTR Enforcement Program and Sanction Schedule
CTR Monthly Enforcement Program
The CTR threshold levels for members with 100 or more transactions per month are as
follows:
Exception Type                         Threshold Level
Bracket Exceptions                     8% and above
Time of Execution for
Verbal Orders                          8% and above
Sequence Errors                        8% and above
A letter of warning shall be issued for a first occurrence of exceeding any threshold. Subsequent
occurrences within 12 months of exceeding a threshold shall result in automatic fines starting at $1,000,
and then increasing to $2,500 and $5,000 for each subsequent occurrence. Fifth and subsequent
offenses within a 12 month period will be referred to the Probable Cause Committee by the Market
Regulation Department.
       A member will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to the
       Market Regulation Department in support of having the letter of warning or fine dismissed showing that
       administrative, clerical, or other errors by the clearing firm caused the member to exceed the threshold
       level. If the member does not submit such evidence, or if the Market Regulation Department determines
       that the evidence submitted is insufficient to reduce the percentage below the threshold level, the letter
       of warning or fine shall be final and may not be appealed.
       The monthly CTR threshold for timestamp exceptions for firms with 1,000 or more transactions per
       month is 8% and above. A letter of warning shall be issued for a first occurrence of exceeding the
       threshold. Subsequent occurrences within 12 months of exceeding the threshold shall result in
       automatic fines starting at $1,500 for the second occurrence, then increasing to $5,000 and $10,000 for
       each subsequent occurrence.
       A firm will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to the Market
       Regulation Department in support of having the letter of warning or fine dismissed. If the firm does not
       submit such evidence, or if the Market Regulation Department determines that the evidence submitted
       is insufficient to reduce the percentage below the threshold level, the letter of warning or fine shall be
       final and may not be appealed.
       CTR Clearing Member Back Office Audit Enforcement Program
       The Market Regulation Department will conduct audits of clearing members to verify that required audit
       trail information has been accurately recorded and submitted. The CTR audit threshold level for firms
       failing to pick up and timestamp sequenced cards, verbal order cards and floor orders is 20%. The
       threshold for all other firm audit trail or recordkeeping deficiencies is 10%.
       Percentage calculations will be made based on an examination of a combination of sequenced cards,
       verbal orders and floor orders totaling 150 documents. The number of documents containing a
       deficiency(ies) will be divided by the total number of documents examined in determining the deficiency
       percentage.
       Violations of each threshold within 24 months shall be subject to automatic fines starting at $2,500 for a
       first occurrence, then increasing to $5,000 and $10,000 for each subsequent occurrence.
       A firm will have 15 days after receipt of a fine to present evidence to the Market Regulation Department
       in support of having the fine dismissed. If the firm does not submit such evidence, or if the Market
       Regulation Department determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to reduce the percentage
       below the threshold level, the fine shall be final and may not be appealed.
       Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time,
       refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
       536.G.          Telephone Recordings
       Unless specifically exempted by the Market Regulation Department or designated Exchange staff, all
       headset communications used in and around trading pits on the trading floor must be voice recorded.
       Members and member firms are permitted to utilize their own recording devices, provided that the
       devices meet reasonable standards with respect to quality and reliability. Alternatively, members and
       member firms may utilize an Exchange administered voice recording system for a fee.
       536.H.       Retention of Records
       Each member and member firm and employees of the foregoing must keep full, complete and
       systematic records, including records created or transmitted electronically, together with all pertinent
       data and memoranda, of all transactions relating to its business of dealing in commodity interests and
       related cash or forward transactions in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.35. Written and electronic
       records must be retained for a minimum of five years in permanent form. Oral communications required
       to be recorded pursuant to CFTC Regulation 1.35(a) must be retained for a minimum of one year past
       the date on which the oral communication occurred. Oral communications recorded by the Exchange
       pursuant to Section G. will be maintained by the Exchange for a minimum of one year past the date on
       which the oral communication occurred.
       All records required to be retained shall at all times be open to inspection by Exchange staff or any
       representative of the CFTC or the United States Department of Justice.
537.   TRADE DATA SUBMITTED TO THE EXCHANGE
       a) Subject to each market participant's rights with respect to its own data, the Exchange shall own all
           rights, title and interest, database rights and trade secret rights in and to all trade data and related
           information submitted in connection with trading on the Exchange, and which is not collected or
           received for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations. The Exchange has the exclusive right to
           use, distribute, sub-license, disclose and sell anonymized trade data and derivative works in any
           manner, media and jurisdiction. Market participants shall not redistribute trade data or derivative
            works based thereon unless licensed by the Exchange. The restriction on redistribution shall not
            apply to a market participant's own data.
       (b) Trade data and related information that is submitted to the Exchange for the purpose of fulfilling
            regulatory obligations may be used by the Exchange for business or marketing purposes, unless
            the market participant has refused consent to such use, and either provides written notice to the
            General Counsel of the Exchange at 20 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (“Attn: Data
            Opt Out Request”), or provides notice by calling (855) 219-1580. Data collected or received for the
            purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations shall not be disclosed publicly other than on an
            aggregated or anonymized basis, or in a manner that does not directly or indirectly identify any
            market participant who has submitted such data. Access to the Exchange will not be conditioned
            upon a market participant's consent to data collected or received for the purpose of fulfilling
            regulatory obligations being used for business or marketing purposes. Nothing in this Rule shall
            preclude the Exchange from disclosing data pursuant to a valid subpoena or court order, or as
            otherwise required by law.
538.   EXCHANGE FOR RELATED POSITIONS
       An Exchange for Related Position (“EFRP”) transaction involves a privately negotiated off-exchange
       execution of an Exchange futures or options contract and, on the opposite side of the market, the
       simultaneous execution of an equivalent quantity of the cash product, by-product, related product, or
       OTC derivative instrument corresponding to the asset underlying the Exchange contract.
       The following types of EFRP transactions are permitted to be executed outside of the Exchange’s
       centralized market in accordance with the requirements of this rule:
       Exchange of Futures for Physical (“EFP”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange futures contract
       and a corresponding physical transaction or a forward contract on a physical transaction.
       Exchange of Futures for Risk (“EFR”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange futures contract
       and a corresponding OTC swap or other OTC derivative transaction.
       Exchange of Option for Option (“EOO”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange option contract
       and a corresponding transaction in an OTC option or other OTC instrument with similar characteristics.
       For purposes of this rule, EFPs, EFRs and EOOs shall collectively be referred to as EFRP transactions.
       538.A.       Parties to an EFRP
       One party to the EFRP must be the buyer of the Exchange contract and the seller of (or the holder of
       the short market exposure associated with) the related position; the other party to the EFRP must be
       the seller of the Exchange contract and the buyer of (or the holder of the long market exposure
       associated with) the related position. The Exchange contract and the corresponding related position
       must be executed for accounts with the same beneficial ownership.
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, a member firm may facilitate, as principal, the related position
       component of an EFRP on behalf of a customer provided that the member firm can demonstrate that
       the related position was passed through to the customer who received the Exchange contract as part of
       the EFRP.
       Parties to an EFR or EOO transaction must comply with all relevant CFTC regulations governing
       eligibility to participate in the related position component of such transactions.
       538.B.          Independently Controlled Accounts
       The opposing accounts to an EFRP transaction must be (a) independently controlled accounts with
       different beneficial ownership; (b) independently controlled accounts of separate legal entities with
       common beneficial ownership; or (c) independently controlled accounts of the same legal
       entity, provided that the account controllers operate in separate business units.
       For EFRP transactions between accounts with common beneficial ownership, the parties to the trade
       must be able to demonstrate the independent control of the accounts and that the transaction had
       economic substance for each party to the trade.
       538.C.         Related Position
       The related position component of an EFRP must be the cash commodity underlying the Exchange
       contract or a by-product, a related product or an OTC derivative instrument of such commodity that has
       a reasonable degree of price correlation to the commodity underlying the Exchange contract. The
       related position component of an EFRP may not be a futures contract or an option on a futures contract.
       Each EFRP requires a bona fide transfer of ownership of the underlying asset between the parties or a
       bona fide, legally binding contract between the parties consistent with relevant market conventions for
       the particular related position transaction.
The execution of an EFRP transaction may not be contingent upon the execution of another EFRP or
related position transaction between the parties where the transactions result in the offset of the related
position without the incurrence of market risk that is material in the context of the related position
transactions.
538.D.         EFPs in Connection with Inventory Financing of Storable, Non-Financial
               Commodities
A party providing inventory financing for a storable agricultural, energy or metals commodity may,
through the execution of an EFP, purchase the commodity and sell the equivalent quantity of futures
contracts to a counterparty, and grant to the counterparty the non-transferable right, but not the
obligation, to execute a second EFP during a specified time period in the future which will have the
effect of reversing the original EFP.
538.E.         Quantity Equivalence
The quantity of the related position component of the EFRP must be approximately equivalent to the
quantity of the Exchange component of the EFRP. Appropriate hedge ratios between the Exchange
and related position components of the EFRP may be used to establish equivalency.
538.F.        Prices and Price Increments
The Exchange component of the EFRP transaction must be priced in accordance with the applicable
futures price increments or option premium increments as set forth in the rules governing the Exchange
contract.
EFRPs may be transacted at such commercially reasonable prices as are mutually agreed upon by the
parties to the transaction. EFRPs may not be priced to facilitate the transfer of funds between parties
for any purpose other than as the consequence of legitimate commercial activity.
538.G.         EFRPs Following the Termination of Trading in Exchange Contracts
EFRP transactions in certain Exchange contracts may be executed for a defined period of time following
the termination of trading in accordance with the applicable product rules governing each Exchange
contract. Such transactions may be executed only to liquidate Exchange positions.
538.H.        Recordkeeping
Parties to an EFRP transaction must maintain all records relevant to the Exchange contract and the
related position transaction, including order tickets, records customarily generated in accordance with
relevant market practices, records reflecting payments between the parties and, where appropriate,
transfer of title, as well as any other records required to be kept pursuant to CFTC Regulation 1.35.
Brokers who facilitate EFRP transactions must maintain all records corresponding to their facilitation of
the transactions.
Records related to EFRP transactions must be provided to the Exchange upon request. It shall be the
responsibility of the carrying clearing member firm to obtain and submit the requested records of their
clients to the Exchange on a timely basis.
538.I.          Submission to the Clearing House
Each EFRP transaction shall be submitted to the Clearing House within the time period and in the
manner specified by the Exchange and the Clearing House. In all cases, the record submitted to the
Clearing House must reflect the correct EFRP transaction type and must reflect the accurate date and
time at which the relevant terms of the transaction were agreed upon by the parties to the trade.
An EFRP transaction submitted to the Clearing House shall not be considered accepted by the Clearing
House until the transaction has cleared and the first payment of settlement variation and performance
bond has been confirmed.
538.J.        EFRP Volumes Required to be Reported with Daily Large Trader Positions
Each clearing member, omnibus account and foreign broker responsible for submitting daily large trader
positions in accordance with Rule 561 must submit for each reportable account the EFRP volume
bought and sold in the reportable instrument. This information must be included in the daily Large
Trader report to the Exchange.
538.K.        Immediately Offsetting EFPs in Foreign Currency Futures
EFPs in foreign currency futures wherein the parties immediately offset the cash transaction are
permitted and the Exchange would expect to see confirmation statements issued by the bank/foreign
exchange dealer party to the Transaction. These confirmation statements should be the type normally
produced by the bank/foreign exchange dealer for confirmation of currency deals and should indicate,
by name, the identity of the counter party principal to the Transaction. However, in circumstances
where the EFP Transaction is between a bank/foreign exchange dealer and a CTA, account controller,
or other Person acting on behalf of a third party (such as a commodity pool or fund), the cash side
       confirmation statement must identify, at minimum, the name of the third party’s Carrying Clearing
       Member and the third party’s account number (or other account specific designation), but need not
       identify the third party by name. These transactions are only permissible as EFPs in foreign currency
       futures and not in any other asset class or in EFRs or EOOs in foreign currency futures.
539.   PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES PROHIBITED
       539.A.       General Prohibition
       No person shall prearrange or pre-negotiate any purchase or sale or noncompetitively execute any
       transaction, except in accordance with Sections B. and C. below.
       539.B.        Exceptions
       The foregoing restrictions shall not apply to block trades pursuant to Rule 526 or Exchange for Related
       Positions transactions pursuant to Rule 538.
       539.C.        Pre-Execution Communications Regarding Globex Trades
       Parties may engage in pre-execution communications with regard to transactions executed on the
       Globex platform in the following futures and options products where one party wishes to be assured that
       a contra party will take the opposite side of the order: Interest Rate futures and options, Equity Index
       futures and options, Ethanol futures and options, Commodity Index futures, Real Estate Index futures
       and, during those hours designated by the Exchange, grain and oilseed options.
       Pre-execution communications in those products may occur under the following circumstances:
       1. A party may not engage in pre-execution communications with other market participants on behalf
            of another party unless the party for whose benefit the trade is being made has previously
            consented to permit such communications.
       2. Parties to pre-execution communications shall not (i) disclose to a non-party the details of such
            communications or (ii) enter an order to take advantage of information conveyed during such
            communications except in accordance with this rule.
       3. In the case of futures orders, the first party’s order must be entered into the Globex platform first
            and the second party’s order may not be entered into the Globex platform until a period of 5
            seconds has elapsed from the time of entry of the first order.
       4. In the case of options orders, subsequent to the pre-execution communication, a Request for
            Quote (“RFQ”) for the particular option or option spread or combination must be entered into
            Globex. Thereafter, in equity options, a Request for Cross (“RFC”) order which contains both the
            buy and the sell orders must be entered into Globex no less than five (5) seconds and no more
            than thirty (30) seconds after the entry of the RFQ in order to proceed with the trade. In all other
            Ethanol options, the RFC order must be entered no less than fifteen (15) and no more than thirty
            (30) seconds after the RFQ in order to proceed with the trade. The RFQ and the RFC order must
            be entered within the same trading session. Failure to enter the RFC order within 30 seconds after
            the entry of the RFQ will require a new RFQ to be entered prior to the entry of the RFC order,
            which must be entered in accordance with the time parameters described above in order to
            proceed with the trade.
540.   RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS
       540.A.       Standard of Responsibility
       A Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall exercise due diligence in the handling and execution of
       customer orders. Failure to act with due diligence shall constitute negligence. In the case of a dispute
       as to whether a Member has exercised due diligence, the appropriate arbitration or disciplinary
       committee is authorized to determine whether the Member was negligent and, if so, whether an
       adjustment is due to the customer. The committee may take into consideration the nature of the order
       and existing market conditions, including the existence of a "fast market" (a designation invoked to
       reflect rapid price changes and volatile market conditions in the pit), at the time the Member acted or
       failed to act. However, no market condition nullifies a Member's responsibility to exercise due diligence.
       A Member is prohibited from directly or indirectly guaranteeing the execution of an order or any of its
       terms such as the quantity or price. A Member may only report an execution that has occurred as a
       result of open outcry, has been effected through the Globex platform, or has been executed as a
       permissible privately negotiated transaction. This rule shall not be construed to prevent a Member from
       assuming or sharing in the losses resulting from an error or the mishandling of an order.
       540.B.         Liability for Negligence
       A Member may not adjust the price at which an order was executed or be held responsible for executing
       or failing to execute an order unless such Member was negligent or is settling a bona-fide dispute
                  regarding negligence.
                  A member firm may not compel an adjustment from a Member in the absence of a bona-fide dispute
                  regarding negligence.
                  Clearing members shall document all adjustments. Clearing members shall make and retain a record
                  which contains the date the adjustment was received, the name of the Member making the adjustment,
                  the account to which the adjustment was credited, the amount of the adjustment, the order number and
                  the reason for the adjustment. Such records must be provided to the Market Regulation Department
                  upon request.
541.              [RESERVED]
542.              SIMULTANEOUS SPREAD AND COMBINATION TRANSACTIONS1
                  A.   All spread or combination transactions in which all sides are acquired simultaneously must be for
                       the same account or accounts with the same ownership, except as provided by Rule 527. Each of
                       the respective legs of the spread or combination transaction must be priced within the daily price
                       limits for those contracts that have limits.
                       Spread or combination transactions shall not set off conditional orders in any contract except for an
                       identical spread or combination conditional order. All simultaneous spread or combination
                       transactions must be reported to a designated Exchange official who shall record and publish the
                       differentials or combination prices in addition to the quantities of such trades. The brokers
                       executing any spread or combination transaction must maintain a record of the transaction in
                       accordance with Rule 536.
                  B. Any spread or combination transaction involving cabinet options may trade, provided that the
                       traded price of the combination is an acceptable cabinet increment as defined for that product or 1
                       tick .
                       For the purposes of this rule, a cabinet option is an option trading at a price less than the minimum
                       price increment defined for the given product. The rule in an option's contract specifications
                       defining the option contract's minimum fluctuations also defines the option contract's permissible
                       cabinet price increments for the purposes of this rule. Spread or combination transactions involving
                       cabinet options other than those transactions explicitly defined in this rule are not allowed.
                  C.-E.      [Reserved]
                  F. On Globex, spread or combination transactions shall be made by inputting the spread differential or
                       combination price into the Globex system.
                  For combinations traded on Globex in price terms, the Exchange will allocate the combination trade
                  price among the individual options in the combination for clearing purposes.
543.              [RESERVED]
544.              CLOSING DAY ORDERS
                  During the last day of trading in an expiring futures contract, all allowable types of orders that reach the
                  trading floor less than 15 minutes prior to the close of trading, except for market, closing, spread, limit
                  and stop orders, will be accepted solely at the risk of the customer on a not-held basis. A broker shall
                  not be responsible for cancellations unless the cancellation reaches the broker at least 15 minutes prior
                  to the close on the last day of trading in an expiring futures contract.
545.              [RESERVED]
546.              OPENING AND CLOSING RANGES DURING REGULAR TRADING HOURS
                  Opening and closing ranges shall be established by Exchange staff in consultation with the Pit
                  Committee.
                  In the event of a disputed opening or closing range or a trade during the opening or closing range that is
                  conspicuously out of line with the market, the final determination of the opening or closing range shall
                  be made by Exchange staff in consultation with the Pit Committee. A change in the opening range will
                  be allowed only if the request for a change is made within 15 minutes of the posting of the range. A
                  change in the closing range will be allowed only if the request for a change is made within 10 minutes of
                  the posting of the range.


1
    Revised September 2008.
547.              DISCRETIONARY ORDERS
                  Other than DRT orders, no Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall accept an order that gives more
                  latitude than price and time in execution of the order, except in accordance with the provisions of Rule
                  956.
                  The above restriction shall not apply to those orders:
                  1. placed by another member for an account owned by such member;
                  2. placed by the member’s immediate family which includes a spouse, parent, child, grandparent,
                        grandchild, brother, sister, aunt, uncle, nephew, niece or in-law; and
                  3. placed for proprietary accounts of member firms.
548.              PRIORITY OF EXECUTION1
                  In pit trading, non-discretionary customer orders shall be executed in accordance with their price and
                  time priority. A member shall not execute a discretionary order, including, without limitation, an order
                  allowing the member discretion as to time and price, while in possession of an executable customer
                  order. No person shall allocate executions in any manner other than an equitable manner.
                  Non-discretionary customer orders received by a Globex terminal operator shall be entered into Globex
                  in the sequence received. Non-discretionary orders that cannot be immediately entered into Globex
                  must be entered when the orders become executable in the sequence in which the orders were
                  received.
549.              [RESERVED]
550.              POST CLOSE SESSION
                  As soon as practicable, trading may resume for a period of three minutes after the close of Regular
                  Trading Hours for pit traded futures and designated options contracts. Such trading must begin with 15
                  minutes after the close of Regular Trading Hours unless a later start time is approved by an Exchange
                  Official. The post close session for related products shall commence simultaneously.
                  During the post close session, members are obligated to bid or offer any orders that were received prior
                  to or after the close which are executable in the post close session.
                  Outright futures and options trades during the post close session may occur at any price, provided such
                  price is within the daily limits for contracts with daily price limits.
                  Spreads or combination transactions during the post close session may occur at any price, provided
                  that both legs are priced within the daily price limits for contracts with price limits.
                  The prices at which trades occur during the post close session may establish a new high or low in the
                  outright contract month or spread or combination.
                  Except as otherwise specifically set forth in this rule, the rules applicable to trading during Regular
                  Trading Hours shall be applicable to trading during the post close session.
551.-552.         [RESERVED]
553.              AVERAGE PRICE SYSTEM
                  553.A.       Application of Average Prices
                  The Exchange's Average Price System ("APS"), or a proprietary APS developed by a clearing member,
                  allows a clearing member to confirm to customers an average price when multiple execution prices are
                  received on an order or series of orders for futures, options or combination transactions. An order or
                  series of orders executed during the same trading day at more than one price may be averaged
                  pursuant to APS only if each order is for the same account or group of accounts and for the same
                  product and expiration month for futures, or for the same product, expiration month, put/call and strike
                  price for options.
                  553.B.         Requirements for APS Trades
                  A clearing member may have the Exchange calculate average prices or a clearing member may
                  calculate average prices internally for contracts executed on the Exchange. The requirements
                  enumerated below must be met for APS transactions.
                  1. The customer must have requested average price reporting.


1
    Revised June 2008.
            2.  Each individual trade must be submitted and cleared by the Exchange at the executed price.
            3.  If a clearing member computes and confirms the average price to its customers, it must compute
                the weighted mathematical average price, as set forth in Section C.
            4. If a clearing member calculates the average price, it must possess the records to support the
                calculations and allocations to customer accounts and must maintain these records pursuant to
                CFTC regulations.
            5. A clearing member must ensure that its proprietary trades are not averaged with customer APS
                trades.
            553.C.        Computation of Average Price
            Upon receipt of an execution or match at multiple prices for an APS order, the weighted mathematical
            average must be computed by: (a) multiplying the number of contracts purchased or sold at each
            execution price by that price, (b) adding the results together and (c) dividing by the total number of
            contracts. An average price for a series of orders will be computed based on the average prices of
            each order in that series. The actual average price or the average price rounded to the next price
            increment may be confirmed to customers. If a clearing member confirms the rounded average price,
            the clearing member must round the average price up to the next price increment for a buy order or
            down to the next price increment for a sell order. The residual created by the rounding process must be
            paid to the customer. APS may produce prices that do not conform to whole cent increments. In such
            cases, any amounts less than one cent may be retained by the clearing member.
            553.D.        Disclosure
            Each clearing member that confirms an average price to a customer must indicate on the confirmation
            and monthly statement that the price represents an average price.
554.-558.   [RESERVED]
559.        POSITION LIMITS AND EXEMPTIONS
            The position limit levels applicable to those contracts with position limits are set forth in the Position
            Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table (“Table”) in the Interpretations Section at the
            end of Chapter 5.
            A person seeking an exemption from position limits must apply to the Market Regulation Department on
            forms provided by the Exchange. In order to obtain an exemption from position limits, a person must:
            1. Provide a description of the exemption sought, including whether the exemption is for bona fide
                 hedging positions as defined in CFTC Regulation §1.3(z)(1), risk management positions or
                 arbitrage/spread positions;
            2. Provide a complete and accurate explanation of the underlying exposure related to the exemption
                 request;
            3. Agree to promptly provide, upon request by the Market Regulation Department, information or
                 documentation regarding the person’s financial condition;
            4. Affirm that the requested exemption complies with any applicable CFTC requirements and, for
                 those contracts with Federal limits, that the exemption request has been approved by the CFTC;
            5. Agree to comply with all terms, conditions or limitations imposed by the Market Regulation
                 Department with respect to the exemption;
            6. Agree that the Market Regulation Department may, for cause, modify or revoke the exemption at
                 any time;
            7. Agree to initiate and liquidate positions in an orderly manner;
            8. Agree to comply with all Exchange rules; and
            9. Agree to promptly submit a supplemental statement to the Market Regulation Department
                 whenever there is a material change to the information provided in the most recent application.
            A person intending to exceed position limits, including limits established pursuant to a previously
            approved exemption, must file the required application and receive approval from the Market Regulation
            Department prior to exceeding such limits. However, a person who establishes an exemption-eligible
            position in excess of position limits and files the required application with the Market Regulation
            Department shall not be in violation of this rule provided the filing occurs within five (5) business days
            after assuming the position except in circumstances where the Market Regulation Department requires
            a person to file prior to the fifth business day. In the event the positions in excess of the limits are not
            deemed to be exemption-eligible, the applicant and clearing firm will be in violation of speculative limits
            for the period of time in which the excess positions remained open.
The Market Regulation Department shall, on the basis of the application and any requested
supplemental information, determine whether an exemption from position limits shall be granted. The
Market Regulation Department may approve, deny, condition or limit any exemption request based on
factors deemed by the Department to be relevant, including, but not limited to, the applicant's business
needs and financial status, as well as whether the positions can be established and liquidated in an
orderly manner given characteristics of the market for which the exemption is sought.
Nothing in this rule shall in any way limit (i) the authority of the Exchange to take emergency action; or
(ii) the authority of the Market Regulation Department to review at any time the positions owned or
controlled by any person and to direct that such position be reduced to the position limit provided for in
the Table.
A person who has received written authorization from the Market Regulation Department to exceed
position limits must annually file an updated application not later than one year following the approval
date of the most recent application. Failure to file an updated application will result in expiration of the
exemption.
559.A.         Bona Fide Hedging Positions
The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from position limits for bona fide hedge
positions as defined by CFTC Regulation §1.3(z)(1).
Approved bona fide hedgers may be exempted from emergency orders that reduce position limits or
restrict trading.
559.B.         Risk Management Positions
The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for risk management
positions. For the purposes of this rule, risk management positions are defined as futures and options
positions which are held by or on behalf of an entity or an affiliate of an entity which typically buys, sells
or holds positions in the underlying cash market, a related cash market, or a related over-the-counter
market and for which the underlying market has a high degree of demonstrated liquidity relative to the
size of the positions and where there exist opportunities for arbitrage which provide a close linkage
between the futures or options market and the underlying market in question. Exemptions related to
indexed positions in the over-the-counter market may include corresponding commodity index-based
futures and options and/or individual commodity futures and options used as components in replicating
an index.
559.C.        Arbitrage and Spread Positions
The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for arbitrage,
intracommodity spread, intercommodity spread, and eligible option/option or option/futures spread
positions.
Spread and arbitrage exemptions from position limits for Corn, Oats, Soybean, Wheat, Soybean Oil and
Soybean Meal futures and options contracts traded on the Exchange shall be governed by CFTC
Regulation §150.3(a)(3).
559.D.       Aggregation of Positions
1. Positions to be Aggregated - The position limits in the Table shall apply to all positions in accounts
for which a person by power of attorney or otherwise directly or indirectly owns the positions or controls
the trading of the positions. The position limits in the Table shall also apply to positions held by two or
more persons acting pursuant to an expressed or implied agreement or understanding, the same as if
the positions were held by, or the trading of the positions was done by, a single person.
2. Ownership of Accounts – Except as set forth in Section E. below, any person holding positions in
more than one account, or holding accounts or positions in which the person by power of attorney or
otherwise directly or indirectly has a 10% or greater ownership or equity interest, must aggregate all
such accounts or positions unless such person is a limited partner, shareholder, member of a limited
liability company, beneficiary of a trust or similar type of pool participant in a commodity pool. The
foregoing exception for pool participants shall not apply if the person is a commodity pool operator,
controls the commodity pool’s trading decisions, or has an ownership or equity interest of 25% or more
in a commodity pool whose operator is exempt from registration with the CFTC.
559.E.        Limited Exceptions to Aggregation for Independently Controlled Positions
Positions carried for an eligible entity as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1(d) in the separate account
or accounts of independent account controllers as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1(e) shall not be
aggregated for position limit purposes provided that the positions are not held in the spot month during
such time that a spot month position limit is applicable, or if the positions are Treasury futures positions.
If an independent account controller is affiliated with the eligible entity or another independent account
controller, each of the affiliated entities must comply with the requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation
       §150.3(a)(4)(i)(A-D).
       Treasury futures positions carried in independently controlled accounts owned by different legal entities,
       irrespective of whether the entities qualify as eligible entities, shall not be aggregated for position limit
       purposes provided that affiliated legal entities must comply with the requirements set forth in CFTC
       Regulation §150.3(a)(4)(i)(A-D).
       Positions held by futures commission merchants or their separately organized affiliates in customer
       discretionary accounts or in guided account programs shall not be aggregated for position limit
       purposes provided that the accounts are controlled by independent traders and meet the standards set
       forth in CFTC Regulation §150.4(d).
       Any person claiming an exemption from position limits under this Section must, upon request by the
       Market Regulation Department, provide any information deemed necessary to support the exemption.
       559.F.        Violations
       Violations of position limits and approved exemption limits are subject to the provisions of Rule 562.
560.   POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY
       A person who owns or controls positions in excess of reportable levels or where such Person otherwise
       holds substantial positions in contracts traded on the Exchange or cleared by the Clearing House shall
       keep records, including records of their activity in the underlying commodity and related derivative
       markets, and make such records available, upon request, to the Exchange.
       Upon request by the Market Regulation Department, such person shall also provide information relating
       to the positions owned or controlled by that person including, but not limited to, the nature and size of
       the position, the trading strategy employed with respect to the position, and hedging information, if
       applicable.
       For purposes of this rule, all positions in accounts for which a person, by power of attorney or otherwise,
       directly or indirectly holds positions or controls trading shall be included with the positions held by such
       person. Additionally, positions held by two or more persons acting pursuant to an expressed or implied
       agreement or understanding shall be treated the same as if the positions were held by a single person.
       If the person from whom such records or information is requested fails to comply as directed, the Market
       Regulation Department may order the reduction of such position, in addition to taking disciplinary action
       as a result of such failure.
       A person who exceeds position accountability or position limit levels as a result of maintaining positions
       at more than one clearing firm shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality regarding his position and
       the identity of the clearing members at which the positions are maintained.
       A person who holds or controls aggregate positions in excess of specified position accountability levels
       or in excess of position limits pursuant to an approved exemption shall be deemed to have consented,
       when so ordered by the Market Regulation Department, not to further increase the positions, to comply
       with any prospective limit which exceeds the size of the position owned or controlled, or to reduce any
       open position which exceeds position accountability or position limit levels. Any order to reduce an open
       position shall be issued by the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee, if he determines in his sole
       discretion, that such action is necessary to maintain an orderly market.
       A clearing member that carries positions for another person shall be responsible for taking reasonable
       and diligent actions to effect the timely compliance with any order issued pursuant to this rule upon
       notification of such order by the Market Regulation Department.
       All positions must be initiated and liquidated in an orderly manner.
561.   REPORTS OF LARGE POSITIONS
       561.A.        General Provisions
       Clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers shall submit to the Exchange a daily report of
       all positions required to be reported as set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and
       Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5. Positions at or above the
       reportable level in a particular expiration month of a futures contract or in all puts or in all calls of a
       particular option contract expiration month trigger reportable status. For a person in reportable status in
       a particular contract, all positions, regardless of size, in any futures contract month and in any put or call
       on that futures contract must be reported.
       Additionally, the daily Large Trader submission to the Exchange must include for each reportable
       account 1) the EFRP volume bought and sold in the reportable instrument, by contract month, and for
       EOOs by put and call strike and 2) the number of delivery notices issued and the number of deliveries
       stopped in the reportable instrument.
            Failure by an omnibus account or foreign broker to submit required information may result in a hearing
            by the Business Conduct Committee and result in limitations, conditions or denial of access of such
            omnibus account or foreign broker to any Exchange market. Notwithstanding the above, clearing
            members carrying such accounts remain responsible for obtaining and providing to the Exchange
            information regarding the ownership and control of positions in circumstances where an omnibus
            account or foreign broker has failed to provide the information to the Exchange.
            All large trader reports shall be submitted in a form acceptable to the Market Regulation Department.
            The Exchange may require that more than one large trader report be submitted daily. The Business
            Conduct Committee or the Market Regulation Department may require reports from any clearing
            member, omnibus account or foreign broker on a lesser number of positions than reflected in the
            Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table.
            Clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers must provide the Market Regulation
            Department with the required CFTC Form 102 (“Identification of Special Accounts”) accurately
            identifying the owners, controllers, controlled accounts and any additional information required for each
            reportable account within three Business Days of the first day that the account in question becomes
            reportable. Notwithstanding the three Business Day requirement, on the first day that an account
            becomes reportable, clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers must, at the direction of
            the Market Regulation Department, submit the following information: account type, reportable account
            number and names and addresses of the owners and controllers of the account.
            Any material changes to the information previously provided to the Market Regulation Department will
            require the submission of a revised form within three Business Days of such changes becoming
            effective. Additionally, in the absence of any material changes, the Market Regulation Department may
            require the submission of a new form on a biennial basis for the maintenance of accurate records.
            561.B.         Reportable Levels
            The reportable levels for all contracts are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and
            Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5.
562.        POSITION LIMIT VIOLATIONS
            Any positions in excess of those permitted under the rules of the Exchange shall be deemed position
            limit violations. Additionally, any person making a bid or offer that would, if accepted, cause such person
            to exceed the applicable position limits shall be in violation of this rule.
            If a position exceeds position limits as a result of an option assignment, the person who owns or
            controls such position shall be allowed one business day to liquidate the excess position without being
            considered in violation of the limits. Additionally, if, at the close of trading, a position that includes
            options exceeds position limits when evaluated using the delta factors as of that day’s close of trading,
            but does not exceed the limits when evaluated using the previous day’s delta factors, then the position
            shall not constitute a position limit violation.
            A clearing member shall not be in violation of this rule if it carries positions for its customers in excess of
            the applicable position limits for such reasonable period of time as the firm may require to discover and
            liquidate the excess positions. For the purposes of this rule, a reasonable period of time shall generally
            not exceed one business day.
            A customer who exceeds the position limits as a result of maintaining positions at more than one
            clearing member shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality regarding his positions and the identity
            of the clearing members at which they are maintained. A clearing member carrying such positions shall
            not be in violation of this rule if, upon notification by the Market Regulation Department, it liquidates its
            pro-rata share of the position in excess of the limits or otherwise ensures the customer is in compliance
            with the limits within a reasonable period of time.
563.-572.   [RESERVED]
                         GLOBEX ELECTRONIC TRADING SYSTEM RULES

573.   GLOBEX OPENING
       Each business day, Globex will open with a single price for each instrument unless otherwise
       designated by the Exchange.
       Prior to the opening of each Globex Session, Globex will provide an indicative opening price or prices,
       based on the Globex equilibrium price algorithm described below, and on all pending orders that may
       be executed on the opening. During the 30–second period prior to the opening, no previously entered
       orders may be modified or cancelled, although new orders may be entered.
       Globex will establish an equilibrium price that will be the opening price. The equilibrium price is the
       calculated price between sell pressure and buy pressure where the largest volume of trading can occur.
       The price will be determined in accordance with the following methodology:
       1. Any bid at a given price may also be executed at a lower price.
       2. Any offer at a given price may also be executed at a higher price.
       3. The bid volume at any price is the quantity bid at that price plus the sum of the quantities bid at all
            higher prices.
       4. The offer volume at any price is the quantity offered at that price plus the sum of the quantities
            offered at all lower prices.
       5. Sell pressure occurs when the offer volume exceeds the bid volume at a particular price.
       6. Buy pressure occurs when the bid volume exceeds the offer volume at a particular price.
       7. The trade volume at any price is the smaller of the bid volume or the offer volume.
       8. The price overlap is the range of prices where trades are possible.
       9. The equilibrium is the price range within the price overlap where buy pressure changes to sell
            pressure.
       10. The equilibrium price is one of the following:
            (a) The price within the equilibrium that has the largest trade volume and the lowest unmatched
                 volume at that price remaining after the opening.
            or
            (b) If more than one price has the same trade volume and the same unmatched volume at that
                 price, the equilibrium price is the one nearest the previous day's settlement price.
       11. If there is no equilibrium (there is only buy pressure or sell pressure), there will be no opening price
            until a trade occurs unless there is a bid higher than, or an offer lower than, the previous day's
            settlement price.
       12. After the provisional opening price is determined as set forth above for all orders excluding stop
            and stop limit orders, the calculations are repeated with any such orders that would be triggered at
            such price included until a new provisional opening price is determined. If such new price would
            trigger additional stop or stop limit orders, the process is repeated until no more orders are
            triggered.
       13. Bids and offers will be selected for matching at the opening price based on price and time priority.
574.   GLOBEX ACCESS RESTRICTIONS
       All connections to the Globex system, including direct connections of non-clearing members or
       customers, must be guaranteed by a clearing member that assumes financial responsibility for all
       activity through the connection. With respect to transactions given up to other clearing members, such
       guarantee is effective only until such time that the other clearing member accepts the trade.
       All individuals entering non-member customer orders in other than a clerical capacity must have
       appropriate industry registration. Non-member customer orders may be entered only from designated
       areas on the floor of the Exchange or from the premises of an entity registered to conduct customer
       business.
       Clearing members shall assist the Exchange in any investigation into potential violations of the rules or
       the Act which occur through or with respect to a Globex connection guaranteed by the clearing member.
       Such assistance must be timely and may include, but not be limited to, requiring any non-member
       customer to produce documents, to answer questions from the Exchange, and/or to appear in
       connection with an investigation.
       Clearing members shall suspend or terminate a non-member customer's Globex access if the
                   Exchange determines that the actions of the non-member customer threaten the integrity or liquidity of
                   any contract or violate any Exchange rule or the Act, or if the non-member customer fails to cooperate
                   in an investigation.
                   If a clearing member has actual or constructive notice of a violation of Exchange rules in connection
                   with the use of Globex by a non-member for which it has authorized a direct connection and the clearing
                   member fails to take appropriate action, the clearing member may be found to have committed an act
                   detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange.
575.               DISRUPTIVE PRACTICES PROHIBITED
                   All orders must be entered for the purpose of executing bona fide transactions. Additionally, all non-
                   actionable messages must be entered in good faith for legitimate purposes.
             A.    No person shall enter or cause to be entered an order with the intent, at the time of order entry, to
                   cancel the order before execution or to modify the order to avoid execution;
             B.    No Person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message or messages
                   with intent to mislead other market participants;
             C.    No Person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message or messages
                   with intent to overload, delay, or disrupt the systems of the Exchange or other market participants; and
             D.    No person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message with intent to
                   disrupt, or with reckless disregard for the adverse impact on, the orderly conduct of trading or the fair
                   execution of transactions.
                   To the extent applicable, the provisions of this Rule apply to open outcry trading as well as electronic
                   trading activity. Further, the provisions of this Rule apply to all market states, including the pre-opening
                   period, the closing period and all trading sessions.
576.               IDENTIFICATION OF GLOBEX TERMINAL OPERATORS
                   Each Globex terminal operator shall be identified to the Exchange, in the manner prescribed by the
                   Exchange, and shall be subject to Exchange rules. If user IDs are required to be registered with the
                   Exchange, it is the duty of the clearing member to ensure that registration is current and accurate at all
                   times. Each individual must use a unique user ID to access Globex. In no event may a person enter an
                   order or permit the entry of an order by an individual using a user ID other than the individual’s own
                   unique user ID.
577.               [RESERVED]
578.               LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, NO WARRANTIES1
                   A.       EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, THE EXCHANGE, CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC.
                            (“CME”) AND THE NEW YORK MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. (“NYMEX’) (INCLUDING EACH
                            OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), THEIR
                            RESPECTIVE    OFFICERS,  DIRECTORS,  EMPLOYEES,     AGENTS,    CONSULTANTS,
                            LICENSORS, MEMBERS, AND CLEARING MEMBERS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY
                            PERSON FOR ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
                            LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, AND DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
                            CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES), ARISING FROM:

                            (i)   ANY FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, FAULT IN DELIVERY, DELAY, OMISSION, SUSPENSION,
                                  INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION, TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER CAUSE, IN
                                  CONNECTION WITH THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION, MAINTENANCE,
                                  USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE SYSTEMS AND
                                  SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX, OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR
                                  FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING
                                  WITHOUT LIMITATION ELECTRONIC ORDER ENTRY/DELIVERY, TRADING THROUGH
                                  ANY ELECTRONIC MEANS, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION OF MARKET DATA OR
                                  INFORMATION, WORKSTATIONS USED BY MEMBERS AND AUTHORIZED EMPLOYEES
                                  OF MEMBERS, PRICE REPORTING SYSTEMS AND ANY AND ALL TERMINALS,
                                  COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS, CENTRAL COMPUTERS, SOFTWARE, HARDWARE,
                                  FIRMWARE AND PRINTERS RELATING THERETO; OR

                            (ii) ANY   FAILURE   OR   MALFUNCTION,        FAULT     IN   DELIVERY,      DELAY,     OMISSION,


1
    Revised April 1, 2011
       SUSPENSION, INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION OR TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER
       CAUSE, OF ANY SYSTEM OR SERVICE OF THE EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX, OR
       SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR
       SERVICES, CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
       INDEPENDENT SOFTWARE VENDORS AND NETWORK PROVIDERS; OR

   (iii) ANY ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE,
         CME OR NYMEX OR ANY EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR
         FACILITIES; OR

   (iv) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF ANY EXCHANGE, CME
        OR NYMEX SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES BY ANY PERSON.

THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER A CLAIM ARISES IN
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, CONTRIBUTION OR OTHERWISE AND
WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BROUGHT DIRECTLY OR AS A THIRD PARTY CLAIM.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE COMMODITY
EXCHANGE ACT AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. A PARTY WHO HAS BEEN FINALLY
ADJUDICATED TO HAVE ENGAGED IN WILLFUL OR WANTON MISCONDUCT MAY NOT AVAIL
ITSELF OF THE PROTECTIONS IN THIS RULE.
B. THERE ARE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS (INCLUDING
    BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX
    (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), THEIR RESPECTIVE
    OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, AND LICENSORS
    RELATING TO ANY SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX OR
    SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR
    SERVICES, INCLUDING THE GLOBEX SYSTEM.
C. ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE,
    CME OR NYMEX OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH
    SYSTEMS OR SERVICES IN WHICH THE EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX (INCLUDING THEIR
    RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
    DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS OR LICENSORS IS A PARTY SHALL BE
    ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE RULES. ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE BROUGHT
    WITHIN THE PERIOD PRESCRIBED BY EXCHANGE RULES. ANY OTHER ACTIONS, SUITS
    OR PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY OF THE ABOVE MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN TWO YEARS
    FROM THE TIME THAT A CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED. THIS PARAGRAPH C SHALL
    IN NO WAY BE CONSTRUED TO LIMIT A PARTY’S OBLIGATION TO ARBITRATE ITS CLAIM
    OR TO CREATE A CAUSE OF ACTION AND SHALL NOT AUTHORIZE AN ACTION THAT
    WOULD OTHERWISE BE PROHIBITED BY EXCHANGE RULES. IF FOR ANY REASON, A
    COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FINDS THAT SUCH DISPUTE IS NOT ARBITRABLE,
    SUCH DISPUTE MAY ONLY BE LITIGATED IN THE COUNTY OF COOK IN THE STATE OF
    ILLINOIS AND WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS WITHOUT
    REGARD TO ANY PROVISIONS OF ILLINOIS LAW THAT WOULD APPLY THE SUBSTANTIVE
    LAW OF A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION.
D. THE EXCHANGE, CME AND NYMEX MAY, IN THEIR SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME
    RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY THE
    NEGLIGENCE OF GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER OR OTHER EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX
    STAFF AND/OR ORDER STATUS ERRORS PROVIDED BY THE GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER
    AND/OR THE CLEARING CUSTOMER SERVICE DESK. IF SUCH LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED,
    THE TOTAL AGGREGATE OBLIGATIONS FOR THE EXCHANGE, CME AND NYMEX SHALL
    NOT EXCEED $200,000 FOR ALL LOSSES SUFFERED FROM ALL CAUSES IN A SINGLE
    CALENDAR MONTH, EXCEPT FOR LOSSES CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDERS WHICH ARE
    SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPHS F. AND G. BELOW. ANY DISPUTED
    CLAIM MADE UNDER THIS RULE MUST BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE
    RULES.
E. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COLLECTIVE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR THE
    EXCHANGE, CME AND NYMEX FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENCE,
    FAILURES, MALFUNCTIONS, FAULTS IN DELIVERY, DELAYS, OMISSIONS, SUSPENSIONS,
    INACCURACIES, INTERRUPTIONS, TERMINATIONS, ORDER STATUSING ERRORS OR ANY
    OTHER CAUSES, EXCEPT FOR PHANTOM ORDERS WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO THE
           PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPHS F. AND G. BELOW, IN CONNECTION WITH THE
           FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION, MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
           ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE EXCHANGE’S CME’S OR NYMEX’S SYSTEMS OR
           SERVICES, OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH
           SYSTEMS AND SERVICES, OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX STAFF,
           EXCEED $200,000 IN ANY CALENDAR MONTH.
           IF THE NUMBER OF ALLOWED CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURES OR
           MALFUNCTIONS IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY SATISFIED BECAUSE
           OF THE MONTHLY LIABILITY LIMITATION, ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE LIMITED TO A PRO
           RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR THAT MONTH.
       F. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE EXCHANGE, CME AND NYMEX MAY, IN THEIR
           SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET NET
           LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDERS (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF SUCH
           LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE OBLIGATIONS FOR THE EXCHANGE,
           CME AND NYMEX SHALL NOT EXCEED $5,000,000 FOR ALL SUCH LOSSES SUFFERED IN A
           SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH. ANY DISPUTED CLAIM MADE UNER THIS RULE MUST BE
           ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE RULES.
           FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS RULE AND RULE 588, A PHANTOM ORDER IS AN ORDER: 1)
           THAT WAS NOT AUTHORIZED BY A PERSON BUT WAS CAUSED BY A FAILURE,
           MALFUNCTION OR NEGLIGENT OPERATION OF GLOBEX OR ANY OTHER EXCHANGE, CME
           OR NYMEX SYSTEM SERVICE OR FACILITY, OR 2) WHOSE TERMS (E.G. CONTRACT,
           CONTRACT MONTH, QUANTITY, PRICE OR DIRECTION) WERE CHANGED WITHOUT
           AUTHORIZATION OF THE PERSON PLACING THE ORDER SOLELY AS A RESULT OF A
           FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, OR NEGLIGENT OPERATION OF GLOBEX OR ANY OTHER
           EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX SYSTEM, SERVICE OR FACILITY.
       G. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COLLECTIVE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR THE
           EXCHANGE, CME AND NYMEX FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET NET LOSSES DIRECTLY
           CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDER(S) EXCEED $5,000,000 IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH.
           COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF RULE 588.F. IS REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR LOSSES TO
           BE CONSIDERED BY THE EXCHANGE PURSUANT TO THIS RULE.
           IF THE AMOUNT OF DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET NET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY
           PHANTOM ORDERS IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY SATISFIED
           BECAUSE OF THE MONTHLY LIABILITY LIMITATIONS, ALL SUCH LOSSES SHALL BE
           LIMITED TO A PRO RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR THAT
           MONTH.
       A CLAIM AGAINST THE EXCHANGE, CME OR NYMEX ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURE,
       MALFUNCTION OR PHANTOM ORDER SHALL BE STRICTLY SUBJECT TO THE RESPECTIVE
       LIABILITY LIMITS OF THIS RULE.
579.   GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER
       579.A.       Customer Support
       The Global Command Center ("GCC") provides Globex customer support and problem management
       only to members, clearing members, KC HRW Incentive Program Participants and customers
       designated by clearing members. In addition, designated MGEX members and clearing members may
       also receive customer support and problem management from GCC with respect to contracts traded on
       Globex. In order to be eligible for GCC support, such persons must register with the GCC (“Registered
       Contacts”). The GCC provides customer support via a specified telephone number and during specified
       hours. GCC employees may not always be available to assist Registered Contacts. Persons other
       than Registered Contacts, including non-members with Globex access pursuant to Rule 574, must
       contact their clearing members to make support requests.
       579.B.         GCC Communications
       As provided in Rule 578, the Exchange shall not be liable for any loss resulting from any inability to
       communicate with the GCC. The liability of the Exchange for the negligent acts of GCC staff shall be
       subject to the limitations and conditions of Rule 578. In no event, however, shall the Exchange be liable
       for the negligence of the GCC if the person claiming to have suffered a loss could have secured the
       support it sought from GCC through its own administrative terminal, its clearing member’s terminal or an
       Independent Software Vendor’s (“ISV”) terminal. For purposes of this rule, a person is deemed able to
       take action through its own administrative terminal, a clearing member’s terminal or an ISV’s terminal
       unless such terminal was inoperative or such terminal service was interrupted at the time the GCC took
            action.
            579.C.       Order Status
            A person who believes he has received an incorrect order status or does not receive an appropriate
            status shall immediately notify the GCC. In the event that the GCC and an Exchange system, service
            or facility provide conflicting information relating to an order status, a person may only reasonably rely
            on the information received from the GCC. Additionally, such person shall take any necessary and
            appropriate market action to mitigate any potential losses arising from the incorrect order status or lack
            of appropriate order status immediately after the person knew or should have known that the order
            status information was incorrect or should have been received. Any liability of the Exchange for
            incorrect order status shall be subject to the limitations and conditions of Rule 578.
            579.D.         Cancellation of Orders at Prices Outside of the Applicable Globex Price Limits
            In certain circumstances, the price limits applicable to contracts traded on Globex may vary depending
            on the time of day. In this situation, it is possible for an order to be entered into the Globex system
            during one time period at a price that is outside of the price limit that applies during a subsequent time
            period. If this order remains in the system at the beginning of the subsequent time period, the system
            will freeze in the event a market order on the opposite side of the market is entered and there are no
            other resting orders against which it can be matched rather than allow the match to occur at a price
            outside of the applicable price limit. Accordingly, whenever the GCC becomes aware of a bid or offer in
            the Globex system for any contract that is outside of the applicable price limit, the GCC will cause such
            bid or offer to be cancelled and will promptly notify the affected Globex user of such cancellation.
580.        CME GLOBEX TRADE MATCHING ALGORITHMS
            The CME Globex platform employs multiple predefined sets of matching algorithms used to match
            trades on the platform. Information concerning the matching algorithm applicable to a particular product
            is set forth on the GCC Product Resources page on the CME Group website available here. Information
            on the operation of the matching algorithms is available here.
581.-586.   [RESERVED]
587.        [RESERVED]
588.        TRADE CANCELLATIONS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS
            588.A.       Global Command Center Authority Regarding Trade Cancellations and Price
                         Adjustments
            The following shall be applied to balance the adverse effects on market integrity of executing trades and
            publishing trade information inconsistent with prevailing market conditions while preserving legitimate
            expectations of trade certainty by market participants. This rule authorizes the Global Command Center
            (“GCC”) to adjust trade prices or cancel trades where, in its absolute and sole discretion, the GCC
            believes such action is necessary to mitigate market disrupting events caused by the improper or
            erroneous use of the electronic trading system or by system defects. Notwithstanding any other
            provisions of this rule, the GCC may, in its absolute and sole discretion, adjust trade prices or cancel
            any trade if it believes that allowing the trade(s) to stand as executed could have a material, adverse
            effect on the integrity of the market. All decisions of the GCC shall be final. Subject to the limitations
            and conditions of Rule 578, and irrespective of the terms of any order entered into Globex, the
            Exchange shall not have any liability for losses resulting from price adjustments or trade cancellations
            by the GCC under this Rule.
            588.B.         Review of Trades
            The GCC may determine to review a trade based on its independent analysis of market activity or upon
            request for review by a user of the electronic trading system. A request for review must be made to the
            GCC via telephone within eight minutes of the execution of the trade. Any other form of communication
            with the GCC will not constitute a request for review as set forth in this Section. GCC phone numbers
            are available on the CME Group website.
            The GCC shall determine whether or not a trade will be subject to review. In the absence of a timely
            request for review, during volatile market conditions, upon the release of significant news, or in any
            other circumstance in which the GCC deems it to be appropriate, the GCC may determine, in its sole
            discretion, that a trade shall not be subject to review.
            Upon deciding to review a trade, the GCC will promptly issue an alert indicating that the trade is under
            review.
            588.C.         Price Adjustments and Cancellations
Upon making a determination that a trade will be subject to review, the GCC will first determine whether
the trade price is within the Non-Reviewable Range for futures or within the Bid/Ask Reasonability
Allowance for options, as described in Section H. The Bid/Ask Reasonability Allowance for an option is
the maximum width of the bid/ask range which will be considered reasonable for use in applying the
parameters necessary to establish the Non-Reviewable Range for the option. In applying the Non-
Reviewable Range, the GCC shall determine the fair value market price for that contract at the time the
trade under review occurred. The GCC may consider any relevant information, including, but not limited
to, the last trade price in the contract or a better bid or offer price on the electronic trading system, a
more recent price in a different contract month, the price of the same or related contract established in
another venue or another market, the market conditions at the time of the trade, the theoretical value of
an option based on the most recent implied volatility and responses to a Request for Quote (RFQ).
1. Trade Price Inside the Non-Reviewable Range
      If the GCC determines that the price of the trade is inside the Non-Reviewable Range, the GCC will
      issue an alert indicating that the trade shall stand.
2. Trade Price Outside the Non-Reviewable Range
      a. Futures Contracts
            If the GCC determines that a trade price is outside the Non-Reviewable Range for a futures
            contract (including futures spreads), the trade price shall be adjusted to a price that equals the
            fair value market price for that contract at the time the trade under review occurred, plus or
            minus the Non-Reviewable Range. In the event there are multiple parties, prices and/or
            contracts involved in the transactions at issue, the GCC has the authority, but not the
            obligation, to cancel rather than price adjust such transactions. The GCC will issue an alert
            regarding its decision.
      b. Option Contracts
            If the GCC determines that a trade price is outside the applicable Non-Reviewable Range for
            an option contract, the trade price shall be adjusted. In the case of a buy (sell) error, the price
            will be adjusted to the determined ask (bid) price set forth in the Bid/Ask Reasonability
            Allowance in Section H. plus (minus) the Non-Reviewable Range.              In the event there are
            multiple parties, prices and/or contracts involved in the transactions at issue, the GCC has the
            authority, but not the obligation, to cancel rather than price adjust such transactions. The GCC
            will issue an alert regarding its decision.
Cancelled trade prices and any prices that have been adjusted shall be cancelled in the Exchange’s
official record of time and sales. Trades that are price adjusted shall be inserted in the time and sales
record at the adjusted trade price.
588.D.            Alternative Resolution by Agreement of Parties
With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is price adjusted may instead mutually agree to
cancel the trade. With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is cancelled may instead
mutually agree to price adjust the trade to a price consistent with the adjustment provisions of Section
C.
Parties to a trade that is cancelled or price adjusted may mutually agree to a cash adjustment provided
that such adjustments are reported to the GCC and the parties maintain a record of the adjustment.
An executed trade may not be reversed via transfer except where such trade is determined by GCC to
be outside of the Non-Reviewable Range but not reported timely, subject to agreement of the parties
and approval of the GCC. Any such transfer must occur at the original trade price and quantity;
however the parties may mutually agree to a cash adjustment.
A trade that is not cancelled may not be reversed via a prearranged offsetting transaction unless such
transactions are permitted and effected in accordance with Rule 539.C.
588.E.         Liability for Losses Resulting from Price Adjustments or Cancellations and
Prohibition on Claims for Losses Arising From Error Trades Executed Within the Non-
Reviewable Range
A party entering an order that results in a price adjustment or trade cancellation shall be responsible for
demonstrated claims of realized losses incurred by persons whose trade prices were adjusted or
cancelled provided, however, that a claimant shall not be entitled to compensation for losses incurred
as a result of the claimant’s failure to take reasonable actions to mitigate the loss.
A claim for a loss pursuant to this section must be submitted to the Exchange on an Exchange claim
form within five business days of the event giving rise to the claim. The Exchange shall reject any claim
that is not filed in a timely manner or is not permitted by this section and such decisions shall be final.
Eligible claims shall be forwarded by the Exchange to the party responsible for the order(s) that resulted
in a trade cancellation or a price adjustment and to the clearing member through which the trade was
placed. Such party, or the clearing member on behalf of the party, shall, within ten business days of
receipt of the claim, admit or deny responsibility in whole or in part. Failure to respond to the claim
within ten business days shall be considered a denial of liability.
To the extent that liability is admitted, payment shall be made within ten business days. Unless
otherwise agreed upon in writing by the parties, failure to make the payment within ten business days
shall be considered a denial of liability for purposes of this rule. A copy of any such written agreement
must be provided to the Exchange.
To the extent that liability is denied, the party making the claim may submit the claim to arbitration in
accordance with Rule 622. Such claims must be submitted to the Market Regulation Department within
ten business days of the date the party was issued notification that liability was denied.
Claims for losses incurred as a result of trades executed in error at prices within the non-reviewable
range may not be submitted for arbitration pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 6.
588.F.        Permissible Responses to Phantom Orders
If the GCC has reason to believe that Phantom Orders as defined in Rule 578 have been or are being
entered into any Exchange system, service or facility, the GCC shall be empowered to take appropriate
action to protect the integrity of the market, including, without limitation, suspending trading and/or
canceling unfilled orders. The GCC shall also be empowered, in its sole discretion, to cancel
transactions or adjust the trade prices of transactions that were directly or indirectly caused by Phantom
Orders, whether or not such transactions were executed at prices outside of the non-reviewable range
specified in this Rule.
If Phantom Orders directly cause transactions to be executed on any Exchange system, service or
facility and such transactions are not canceled, the GCC shall promptly direct the clearing member
carrying positions resulting from such transactions to liquidate the positions in a commercially
reasonable manner. Such positions shall be liquidated within 30 minutes of such notification or within
30 minutes of the time the clearing firm knew or should have known that it had been assigned
transactions resulting from Phantom Orders, whichever is sooner. The GCC, in its sole discretion, may
waive the 30 minute liquidation requirement if it determines that such requirement may have a material,
adverse impact on the integrity of the market.
The GCC shall provide notification to the marketplace regarding any action taken or to be taken with
respect to the entry of Phantom Orders or execution of a transaction as a result of Phantom Orders,
and, in the event transactions are not otherwise canceled or price adjusted by the GCC, any actions
required to be taken by clearing members. Such notification(s) shall be made as soon as practicable,
but in no event more than 30 minutes after the time that the GCC has accurate information regarding
the Phantom Orders that is sufficient to support the necessary notification(s).
Any Exchange, CME or NYMEX liability for losses resulting from Phantom Orders shall be subject to the
limitations of Rule 578.
588.G.         Schedule of Administrative Fees
When GCC cancels or price adjusts a trade, the party responsible for entering the order into the
electronic trading system that gave rise to the trade cancellation or price adjustment shall pay an
administrative fee to the Exchange in the amount of $500 for each such occurrence. If the party is not
deemed a Member as defined in Rule 400 and fails to pay the fee, the clearing member through which
the trade was placed shall be responsible for payment of the fee.
588.H.        Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges
             View table here (XLS)
Partner Exchanges
    Please access below links for Non-Reviewable Ranges for our Partner Exchange contracts.
    MGEX - http://www.mgex.com/nrr.html
    BMD - http://www.bursamalaysia.com/market/derivatives/trading/trading-parameters/
    DME - http://www.dubaimerc.com/trading/bust-ranges/index.aspx
                                    INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES
                                          RELATING TO CHAPTER 5

ACCESS, CONDUCT AND APPEARANCE CODE

   It is imperative that persons who utilize the Exchange Trading Floors (“trading floor”) maintain a proper and
   businesslike atmosphere on the trading floor. This is not only for the benefit of the thousands of visitors (ranging from
   U.S. government officials to foreign dignitaries to the general public) who come to the Exchange each year, but also
   to maintain and enhance the reputation and dignity of the Exchange as an international marketplace.
   Accordingly, the Exchange has established rules governing access to and conduct on the trading floor as well as
   standards of appearance. These rules and standards apply to members and their employees, member firm
   employees, Exchange employees and visitors.

   1.       Access
            A. To gain access to the trading floor, every member, member's employee, member firm employee, and
            Exchange employee must use only his own personal access card to gain access to the trading floor.
            Exchange trading floor employees, other Exchange employees routinely on the trading floor and members
            must display their personal access card or their Exchange issued identification badge. Non-member
            employees of members and member firms must display their personal access cards on the upper front of
            their jackets with the picture side facing outward. Broker assistants must also wear a badge provided by the
            Exchange that identifies them as broker assistants.
            B. Members are required to register and accompany their visitors and are responsible for their actions
            while they are on the trading floor. Visitors must wear appropriate attire that is clean and presentable and
            are not allowed in any pit during trading hours. Visitors' overcoats, packages, umbrellas or briefcases are
            not permitted on the trading floor.
            C. All visits by public figures to CME Group trading floors, offices and common areas must be approved
            and coordinated, in advance, by CME Group’s Public Affairs or Government Relations Department. Public
            figures include government officials and representatives, domestic and foreign dignitaries, politicians,
            celebrities, business leaders and all other high-profile individuals.
            D. Members may not request trading floor access privileges for the same visitor on more than three days
            of the same calendar month without the permission of designated Exchange staff of the Security
            Department.
            E. Visitors are prohibited from soliciting employment or from acting as employees of members, member
            firms or the Exchange on the trading floor.
            F. No one under the age of 16 will be admitted to the trading floor during trading hours.

   II.      Conduct
            Commonly accepted standards of propriety and decorum apply to everyone on the trading floor. The
            following behavior, speech or actions are expressly prohibited on the trading floor.
            A. Possessing any weapon (including, but not limited to, firearms, knives, stun guns or pepper spray);
            B. Carrying or consuming food or drink. Individually-wrapped (non-chocolate) hard candy and gum,
                 however, are permissible.
            C. Reckless throwing of trading cards or any other material;
            D. Excessive speed in moving around the trading floor;
            E. Use of emergency exits without proper justification;
            F. Smoking or use of tobacco products, including chewing tobacco;
            G. Use of members-only facilities by non-members;
            H. Failure to give member priority to quotation machines, news tickers, monitors and other facilities where
                 such member priority is so designated;
            I. Engaging in any activity that is disruptive to trading;
            J. The sale or solicitation of goods or services without consent of the Exchange;
            K. Having outer coats or umbrellas on the trading floor;
            L. Use of cameras or video equipment, unless authorized by the Exchange. Flash photography, however,
                 is never permitted.
            In addition, the following activities are prohibited anywhere on Exchange premises:
       M. Any behavior, speech or actions that are detrimental to the interests and good name of the Exchange
          (this includes any conduct which is a violation of any local, state or federal law);
       N. Profanity, vulgarity (including wearing buttons with crude or offensive slogans or pictures) or any speech
          or action that tends to intimidate, degrade or endanger others;
       O. Defacing or otherwise damaging: 1) an Exchange-issued badge or jacket; 2) Exchange facilities or
          property; or 3) any facility or property regardless of ownership;
       P. Possessing a firearm or other weapon;
       Q. Discarding refuse on escalators or in elevators or in hallways or lobbies; and
       R. Harassment related to race/color, sex/gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, veteran status, national
          origin and disability/medical condition is expressly prohibited.

III.   Appearance
       A. All apparel should be neat, clean, presentable and in keeping with the businesslike atmosphere of the
          trading floor.
       B. Jackets: Where required, every member, member's employee, member firm employee and Exchange
          trading floor employee must wear a jacket provided by the Exchange or their employer, or, in the case
          of members, a jacket of their own choosing. All jackets must conform to Exchange standards. Guests
          may not wear trading jackets on the trading floor during trading hours.
       C. Shirts: All men must wear shirts with a collar suitable for a necktie or bow tie. Shirts must be buttoned
          to at least the second button from the collar. Golf-type shirts are permitted. Shirttails must be tucked in.
          Turtleneck sweaters are not allowed for men. Crewneck sweaters are allowed if a conventional collar
          suitable for a necktie or bow tie is visible. Sweatshirts, tie-dye shirts and T-shirts are prohibited.
       D. Shoes: Shoes must be clean, safe and not torn or frayed. The following footwear is specifically
          prohibited: all shoes without backs, canvas slippers, moccasins, rubber boots, rubber overshoes, clogs,
          bedroom slippers, and shoes with platforms over 2 inches. All shoes must be tied with laces or
          appropriately fastened.
       E. Pants: The following pants are specifically prohibited: blue jeans, shorts and sweat pants. Tight-fitting
          stretch pants are allowed only when worn with blouse or shirt at mid-thigh or lower.
       F. Skirts and dresses: Skirts and dresses must reach mid-thigh or lower.
       G. Headwear: All headgear or head coverings are prohibited, except for religious or medical reasons.
       H. Miscellaneous: The following are specifically prohibited: sunglasses, ornaments, pendants or similar
          items that are distracting or unbusinesslike. Clothing or accessories that draw unusual attention will be
          deemed unbusinesslike and not permitted on the trading floor.

IV.    Drug and Alcohol Abuse
       In order to maintain a safe, healthful, and productive working environment, the Exchange has established
       the following policy prohibiting drug and alcohol use on Exchange premises.
       The following activities are prohibited and may result in disciplinary action, including immediate and
       permanent bar of access to Exchange premises:
            A. Possession of open containers or use of alcohol, except as expressly authorized by the Exchange.
            B. Being under the influence of alcohol on Exchange premises.
            C. Use, sale, purchase, transfer, or possession of any illegal drug on Exchange premises.
            D. Failure on the part of non-members to submit to a reasonable search by authorized Exchange
            personnel of lunch boxes, bags, parcels, packages, purses, briefcases, pockets or coats, etc.
       Members and Member Firms are responsible for their employees’ strict adherence to these requirements.

QUOTATION CHANGES

I.     GENERAL PROCEDURES
       A.   Corrections requested up to 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly
            occurred: Changes must be authorized by a member of the Pit Committee or an Exchange Official.
       B.   Corrections requested more than 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly
            occurred: Changes must be authorized by:
            1. 15-30 Minutes: A member of the Pit Committee and one Exchange Official.
           2. Over 30 Minutes: A member of the Pit Committee, a member of the Floor Conduct Committee and
              a Senior Exchange Official.
      C. Unanimous Approval Required: Unanimous approval among the individuals participating in the quote
         change consideration is required to effectuate the requested change. In the absence of unanimity, the
         proposed quote adjustment shall not be made.
      D. A request for a quote change which results in a new high or low for the day must be made within 5
         minutes (futures) or 10 minutes (options) of the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly
         occurred.
         A request for a quote change which affects an established opening range must be made within 15
         minutes after the posting of the range, or, in the case of a request for a quote change which affects an
         established closing range, within 10 minutes of the posting of the closing range. Such requests shall be
         considered by a member of the Pit Committee, a Floor Conduct Committee member and a Senior
         Exchange Official. Failure to make such a timely request will bar consideration of the quote change.
         The time limitations described in this Section D will not apply in the case of options strikes or futures
         contracts deemed by a Senior Exchange Official to be inactive or illiquid or in the case of a fast market
         designation. These requests may be considered by a member of the Pit Committee, a Floor Conduct
         Committee member and a Senior Exchange Official at any time during the same day’s trading session.
      E A decision to adjust a quote must be made within 15 minutes after a quote change request has been
         made. However, in the event a fast market has been declared while the quote adjustment is under
         consideration, the period for consideration may continue for 15 minutes after the end of the fast market.
         To the extent practicable, quote change adjustments shall be announced to the pit.
      F. Reconsideration: Once a request for a particular quote change has been resolved, or if no decision is
         reached within the allotted time pursuant to paragraph 5 above, a subsequent request for
         reconsideration involving the original quote or adjustment may be considered if a Senior Exchange
         Official deems that new relevant information pertaining to the original request is now available. Such
         request for reconsideration must be considered by the same individuals who ruled on, or failed to reach
         a timely resolution of, the original request. In the event one or more of the individuals who participated
         in the consideration of the original quote change request is unavailable to consider the request for
         reconsideration, a Senior Exchange Official shall designate a substitute. However, this reconsideration
         process may not be utilized for a correction involving a quote change which results in a new high or low
         for the day, with the exception of option strikes or futures contracts deemed by a Senior Exchange
         Official to be inactive or illiquid, or in declared fast markets.
      G. Requests for Next Day Corrections
         If an outright options or options spread or combination quote has been inadvertently omitted from the
         price reporting system and such omission is not discovered until after the trading session, trades may
         be allowed to clear at the omitted price at any time prior to the opening of the affected market the next
         day, provided that all of the following requirements are satisfied:
         1. The parties to the trade can reasonably show that they properly reported the trade price and had a
              reasonable basis for believing that the trade price would be posted;
         2. The parties to the trade produce documentation of: a) the contemporaneous recordation of the
              trade; b) the confirmation of the trade to the customer of the member firm representing the order;
              and c) the submission of the trade to the Exchange Clearing House and its failure to clear the trade
              due to a price edit;
         3. The change is authorized by a Senior Exchange Official; and
         4. The change is documented pursuant to Section II.B below.

II.   DOCUMENTATION NEEDED FOR QUOTATION CHANGES
      A.   In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.A., a record shall be made of all
           committee members or Exchange employees approving the quote change and the change will be
           recorded on Time and Sales.
      B.   In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.B.1., a hard copy record of the quote
           change shall be made by Exchange staff. The individuals approving the change shall promptly sign the
           record. The record shall be time-stamped upon request and again upon approval and shall include the
           reason for the change, and, in the case of a quote change requested pursuant to Section I.B.2., the
           reason for the delay. For all approved quotation changes other than next day corrections pursuant to
           Section I.G above, the quotation change will be recorded on Time and Sales.
III.   CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
       No individual may authorize any quotation change, insertion or cancellation if such individual has a personal
       or financial interest in such change, insertion or cancellation.
IV.    AUTHORITY OF SENIOR EXCHANGE OFFICIALS WITH RESPECT TO QUOTATION CHANGES
       Senior Exchange Officials may review and authorize any request for a quotation change in circumstances
       where the individuals specified in Sections I and II are otherwise not available or where the change is not
       encompassed by Section I or II. Notwithstanding the procedures set forth in Sections I and II, Senior
       Exchange Officials are empowered to authorize or deny any requested change only in circumstances where
       such action is necessary to ensure the integrity or promote the orderly functioning of the market. Such
       decisions by Senior Exchange Officials shall be documented and signed by the Senior Exchange Official
       and except for next day corrections pursuant to Section I.G above, the quotation change will be recorded on
       Time and Sales.



POSITION LIMIT, POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTABLE LEVEL TABLE

       View table here (XLS)
