CHAPTER 5
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND PRACTICES

500.      SCOPE OF CHAPTER
FLOOR PRIVILEGES
501.      EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS
502.      ADMISSION TO FLOOR
503.      RETIRED MEMBERS
504.      [RESERVED]
505.      BOOTH AND FLOOR PRIVILEGES
506.      HEADSET PRIVILEGES ON THE TRADING FLOOR
          506.A. Access and Supervision
          506.B. Terms and Conditions of use
507.      ELECTRONIC DEVICES
          507.A. General Provisions
          507.B. Terms and Conditions of Use
          507.C. Electronic Surveillance
          507.D. Personal Electronic Devices
          507.E. Cameras and Video Equipment
508.      GIVING AND RECEIVING OF GRATUITIES
509.      [RESERVED]
TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND REGULATIONS
510.      REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES ON THE
                 TRADING FLOOR
511.      QUALIFIED TRADERS AND BROKERS
          511.A. Floor Trading
          511.B. Globex Trading
512.      [RESERVED]
513.      CONDUCT, APPAREL AND BADGES
          513.A. General
          513.B. Sanctions
          513.C. Hearings and Appeals
514.      TRADING INFRACTIONS
          514.A. Definition
          514.B. Floor Conduct Committee Fining Authority
515.      REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF BROKER ASSOCIATIONS
          515.A. Definitions
          515.B. Registration Requirements
          515.C. Prohibition on Sharing of Personal Trading Profits
          515.D. Supervision
          515.E. Trading Restrictions
516.      ERROR ACCOUNTS
517.-519. [RESERVED]
TRADING PRACTICES
520.      TRADING CONFINED TO EXCHANGE FACILITIES


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.   Page 1 of 41
      521.         REQUIREMENTS FOR OPEN OUTCRY TRADES
      522.         ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS AND OFFERS
      523.         ALL-OR-NONE TRANSACTIONS
      524.         [RESERVED]
      525.         [RESERVED]
      526.         BLOCK TRADES
      527.         OUTTRADES, ERRORS AND MISHANDLING OF ORDERS
78B                527.A. Outtrades Discovered During a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
79B                527.B. Outtrades Discovered After a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
                   527.C. Outtrades Resolution
                   527.D. Errors and Mishandling of Orders
      528.         PRICE REPORTING
      529.         WITHHOLDING ORDERS PROHIBITED
      530.         PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS
      531.         TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS’ ORDERS PROHIBITED
                   531.A. General Prohibition
                   531.B. Exceptions
      532.         DISCLOSING ORDERS PROHIBITED
      533.         SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL OWNERS
      534.         WASH TRADES PROHIBITED
      535.         RESPONSIBILITY OF FLOOR TRADERS AND FLOOR BROKERS
      536.         RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR PIT, GLOBEX, AND NEGOTIATED TRADES
                   536.A. General Requirements for Open Outcry Pit Trades
                   536.B. Globex Order Entry
                   536.C. Bunched Orders and Orders Eligible for Post Execution
                           Allocation
                   536.D. Customer Type Indicator (CTI) Codes
                   536.E. Negotiated Trades
                   536.F. CTR Enforcement Program and Sanction Schedule
                   536.G. Telephone Recordings
                   536.H. Retention of Records
      537.         SUBSTITUTION OF FUTURES FOR FORWARDS (SUB)
      538.         EXCHANGE FOR RELATED POSITIONS
                   538.A. Nature of an EFRP
                   538.B. Related Positions
                   538.C. Quantity
                   538.D. Prices and Price Increments
                   538.E. Date and Time of Transaction
                   538.F. Termination of Trading in Exchange Contracts
                   538.G. Identification and Submission to the Clearing House
                   538.H. Documentation
                   538.I. Account Requirements
                   538.J. Large Trader Requirements for EFRP Transactions
      539.         PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES
                           PROHIBITED


      © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.    Page 2 of 41
             539.A. General Prohibition
             539.B. Exceptions
             539.C. Pre-Execution Communications Regarding Globex Trades
540.         RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS
             540.A. Standard of Responsibility
             540.B. Liability for Negligence
541.         TOP STEP TRADING RESTRICTIONS IN S&P 500 STOCK PRICE
              INDEX™ FUTURES
542.         SIMULTANEOUS SPREAD AND COMBINATION TRANSACTIONS
543.         [RESERVED]
544.         CLOSING DAY ORDERS
545.         [RESERVED]
546.         OPENING AND CLOSING RANGES DURING REGULAR TRADING
                    HOURS
547.         DISCRETIONARY ORDERS
548.         PRIORITY OF EXECUTION
549.         [RESERVED]
550.         POST CLOSE SESSION
551.         [RESERVED]
552.         DUAL TRADING RESTRICTIONS
             552.A. Definitions
             552.B. Prohibition
             552.C. Exceptions
             552.D. Side-by-Side Trading in Eurodollar Futures Contracts
553.         AVERAGE PRICE SYSTEM
             553.A. Application of Average Prices
             553.B. Requirements for APS Trades
             553.C. Computation of Average Price
             553.D. Disclosure
554.         [RESERVED]
555.         TOP STEP TRADING RESTRICTIONS
             555.A. Definitions
             555.B. Top Step Restrictions
             555.C. Exceptions
             555.D. Violations
556.-558.    [RESERVED]
559.         POSITION LIMITS AND EXEMPTIONS
             559.A. Bona Fide Hedging Positions
             559.B. Risk Management Positions
             559.C. Arbitrage and Spread Positions
             559.D. Aggregation of Positions
             559.E. Limited Exceptions to Aggregation for Independently Controlled Positions
             559.F. Violations
560.         POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY
561.         REPORTS OF LARGE POSITIONS


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.             Page 3 of 41
              561.A. General Provisions
              561.B. Reportable Levels
    562.      POSITION LIMIT VIOLATIONS
    563.-572. [RESERVED]
    GLOBEX ELECTRONIC TRADING SYSTEM RULES
    573.      GLOBEX OPENING
    574.      GLOBEX ACCESS RESTRICTIONS
    575.      [RESERVED]
    576.      IDENTIFICATION OF GLOBEX TERMINAL OEPRATORS
    577.      [RESERVED]
    578.      LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, NO WARRANTIES
    579.      GLOBEX CONTROL CENTER
              579.A. Customer Support
              579.B. GCC Communications
              579.C. Order Status
8             579.D. Cancellation of Orders at Prices Outside of the Applicable Globex Price Limits
    580.      CME GLOBEX TRADE MATCHING ALGORITHMS
    581.-582  [RESERVED]
    583.      DOMESTIC CROSS-EXCHANGE TRADING
              583.A. Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of Other Domestic
                                Exchanges in Contracts Listed on Globex
              583.B. Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of CME in Contract
                                Listed on Globex or Other Electronic Trading Systems by
                                Participating Domestic Exchanges
    584.-585  [RESERVED]
    586.      GFX CORPORATION
    587.      PHANTOM ORDERS
              587.A. Definition
              587.B. Permissible Responses
              587.C. Limitation of Liability
    588.      TRADE CANCELLATIONS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS
              588.A. Globex Control Center Authority Regarding Trade Cancellations and Price
                      Adjustments
              588.B. Review of Trades
              588.C. Price Adjustments and Cancellations
              588.D. Alternative Resolution by Agreement of Parties
              588.E. Liability for Losses Resulting from Price Adjustments or Cancellations and Prohibition on Claims
                                for Losses Arising From Error Trades Executed Within the Non-Reviewable Range
              588.F. Schedule of Administrative Fees
              588.G. Non-Reviewable ranges



    INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 5
    ACCESS, CONDUCT AND APPEARANCE CODE
    QUOTATION CHANGES



    © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.             Page 4 of 41
© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.   Page 5 of 41
                                             Chapter 5
                                Trading Qualifications and Practices

500.
5B     SCOPE OF CHAPTER
       This chapter prescribes rules concerning floor access privileges, qualifications for trading privileges, and trading
       practices.

                                                FLOOR PRIVILEGES
                                                0B




501.
6B     EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS
       Members shall register with the Exchange all persons whom they wish to employ on the trading floor. Such
       employees may act as runners, communicators, clerks and broker assistants. Such employees shall not be
       permitted to solicit customers or benefit from the production of orders. Such employees shall not trade or have any
       interest in an account trading in any CME or CBOT futures or options contracts. Employees must wear a
       prescribed identification badge. Any member permitting trading by such employee shall be guilty of an offense
       against the Exchange. Remuneration to such employees shall be limited to salaries and normal bonuses. The
       member employer shall, upon request, provide a report to Exchange staff with respect to each such employee,
       setting forth the hours of employment, salary and bonus, and a copy of each employee's Internal Revenue Service
       W-2 Form or other documentation evidencing employment.
       The following shall apply to any IMM, IOM or GEM member who also holds a broker assistant badge. Such person
       shall not trade for, or carry in his account or an account in which he has any interest, any positions in contracts
       traded on the Exchange except for those contracts which he is entitled to trade as principal or broker for others by
       virtue of his membership status as referenced above.
       A member holding a broker assistant badge shall be required to notify his qualifying clearing member, as defined in
       Rule 903, of the name, address and immediate supervisor of the member or member firm by whom he is employed
       as a broker assistant. Upon a qualifying clearing member’s revocation of trading authorization in accordance with
       Rule 903.E., the qualifying clearing member immediately shall give written notice to the member or member firm
       which employs a member as a broker assistant that the member’s trading authorization has been revoked. A
       member holding a broker assistant badge shall be denied floor access privileges upon the revocation of trading
       authorization by his qualifying clearing member. The floor access privileges of a member who holds a broker
       assistant badge may be reinstated upon the filing of a release with the Shareholder Relations and Membership
       Services Department by the member’s qualifying clearing member in accordance with Rule 903.D.
       Members shall be responsible for ensuring that their employees comply with all Exchange rules and may, subject
       to a determination by an Exchange disciplinary committee, be liable for any fines imposed upon such employees by
       the Exchange. The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, notify a member of the existence of an Exchange
       investigation and the conduct which is the subject of the investigation involving one of the member’s employees
       when the Market Regulation Department interviews such employee or, if no such interview occurs, when charges
       are issued against the employee by the Probable Cause Committee.
       No person shall be registered as an employee pursuant to this rule if such person is determined by Exchange staff
       not to be of good moral character or if it is determined that such registration may be detrimental to the interest or
       welfare of the Exchange.
502.
7B     ADMISSION TO FLOOR
       In addition to authorized employees and agents of the Exchange, only members, registered employees of
       members, permit holders and authorized visitors shall be permitted on the floor of the Exchange. No person may
       be introduced on the floor of the Exchange by a member on more than three days of any calendar month.
       Members must at all times accompany visitors for whom they have obtained floor access and are responsible for
       the conduct and actions of visitors for whom they have obtained floor access while such visitors are on Exchange
       premises. No privileges other than admittance to the floor may be extended to a guest. A guest is specifically
       prohibited from performing any of the functions of an employee of a member or member firm, entering a trading pit,
       placing orders, using any electronic devices or market display equipment and blocking aisleways or access to
       trading pits.
503.
8B     RETIRED MEMBERS


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                  Page 6 of 41
       Any member who has been a member for at least 25 years who sells or leases his membership may apply for a
       retired member badge which will entitle the retired member to access the trading floor. A retired member who
       leases his membership to another person may place orders for his own account from on the trading floor pursuant
       to the customer order entry requirements set forth in Rule 536.A.1. A retired member who sells his membership is
       prohibited from placing orders for any account while on the trading floor. Retired members are prohibited from
       accessing the trading pits during trading hours.
504.
9B     [RESERVED]
505.
10B    BOOTH AND FLOOR PRIVILEGES

       Booth space on the trading floor may be assigned only to clearing member firms. Available booth space will be
       assigned by Exchange staff in accordance with the policies established by the Exchange and the decisions of
       Exchange staff regarding the assignment of booth space shall be final. Clearing member firms may allocate
       assigned booth space to 1) members qualified by the clearing member firm or 2) member firms with which it has a
       clearing relationship with respect to exchange products.

       Orders may be accepted at or relayed from the booth space assigned to a clearing member firm or allocated to a
       member or member firm by the clearing member firm only by employees of the member, member firm or clearing
       member firm and members qualified by the clearing member firm.

       Notwithstanding any other rule, any member who is associated as a partner, shareholder, member, officer,
       manager, employee, or consultant with any entity or natural person that is or should be registered as an Introducing
       Broker (“IB”), Futures Commission Merchant (“FCM”), Commodity Trading Advisor (“CTA”) or Commodity Pool
       Operator (“CPO”) as those terms are defined in Section 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act and/or 17 C.F.R. 1.3,
       may not solicit orders of others from the floor of the Exchange unless the entity or natural person for which or for
       whom the member is soliciting orders is also a member firm or member of the Exchange. Additionally, IBs, FCMs,
       CTAs and CPOs may not operate from booth spaces on the trading floor unless they are member firms or wholly
       owned by members or member firms.

506.
1B     HEADSET PRIVILEGES ON THE TRADING FLOOR
       506.A.
       81B          Access and Supervision
       Members and member firms are eligible to lease headsets from the Exchange for use on the trading floor by filing
       an application with the Telecommunications Department unless such usage is restricted in a particular pit by
       Exchange policy. Where headset usage is permitted, members and member firms may authorize their nonmember
       employees to utilize headsets subject to their supervision. For the purposes of this rule, a telephone in, or on the
       perimeter of, a trading pit shall be treated in the same manner as a headset.
       Members and member firms are responsible for ensuring that their nonmember employees who utilize headsets
       comply with all requirements set forth in this rule and are responsible for the content of their nonmember
       employees’ headset communications.
       506.B.
       82B           Use of Headsets
       Nonmember employees wearing a headset may communicate order and fill information, as well as market
       information that has been publicly exposed to the trading pit; however, such nonmember employees may not
       communicate their personal opinions concerning the market or trading activity.
       Headsets may be used to communicate between locations on the trading floor, and between the trading floor and
       off-floor locations. Headsets may be used to accept, place or relay orders provided that all applicable Exchange
       audit trail and recordkeeping requirements are met, unless such usage is restricted in a particular pit by Exchange
       policy. However, nonmember customers may not place orders directly to the pit, and floor brokers and their
       employees may not accept such orders, unless the customer’s clearing firm, in its sole discretion, has specifically
       authorized the customer to place orders directly.
507.
12B    ELECTRONIC DEVICES
       507.A.
       83B          General Provisions
       The use of any electronic device on the trading floor is prohibited unless such device and/or usage has been



       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 7 of 41
       permitted by the Exchange. For purposes of this rule, the term “electronic device” shall mean any type of voice or
       data communications interface, including but not limited to a computer, headset, hand-held device, microphone or
       telephone. No Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall permit others to use any electronic device unless such use
       has been permitted by the Exchange. Members using a permitted electronic device on the trading floor for
       permissible business purposes must retain any required audit trail data in accordance with applicable Exchange
       rules and CFTC regulations.
       507.B.
       84B          Terms and Conditions of Use
       The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, impose restrictions on the use of any permitted electronic device by any
       Member. The Exchange may limit, suspend or terminate any Member's right to use any permitted electronic device
       at any time, without prior notice and without any liability to the Exchange.
       The Exchange shall have the right, at any time, to audit the use of any permitted electronic device by any Member.
       The Exchange accepts no responsibility for loss, theft or damage to any equipment permitted for use by a Member
       on Exchange premises.
       Electronic devices that are not issued by the Exchange must not interfere with any Exchange system.
       507.C.
       85B           Electronic Surveillance
       The Exchange may intercept and record any electronic communication received or sent from the trading floor to
       ensure compliance with Exchange Rules. Exchange members, their employees, and all others who are granted
       access to the trading floor consent, as a condition of their membership, employment, or access to the floor, to the
       interception, recording, and use of any such communication.
       507.D.
       86B            Personal Electronic Devices
       Unless permitted pursuant to Section A. above, personal electronic devices including, but not limited to, cell
       phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs) and other devices with email, instant messaging or other similar
       capabilities may be used on the trading floor only for non-business purposes.
       507.E.
       87B           Cameras and Video Equipment
       Unless expressly permissioned by the Exchange, the use of any type of camera or video equipment on the trading
       floor is prohibited.
508.
13B    GIVING AND RECEIVING OF GRATUITIES
       A member, member firm, broker association, trading group or an employee of any of the foregoing may not give,
       directly or indirectly, to any employee of another member, member firm, broker association or trading group any
       gratuities or gifts with an aggregate market value in excess of $100 within any twelve-month period.
       This rule applies notwithstanding any internal policy of an entity that allows for gifts in excess of $100. The
       requirements of this rule apply to both the providers and the recipients of such gifts and gratuities.
509.
14B    [RESERVED]

                               TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND REGULATIONS
                               1B




510.
15B    REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES ON THE TRADING FLOOR
       All members and their employees on the trading floor shall satisfy all orientation requirements of the Exchange. All
       members seeking to act as a floor broker, floor trader, or in any other capacity requiring registration pursuant to the
       Commodity Exchange Act, must be registered in accordance with applicable CFTC regulations.
       A member shall be prohibited from engaging in activities requiring registration under the Commodity Exchange Act
       or from representing himself to be a registrant under the Commodity Exchange Act or the representative or agent
       of any registrant if such member's floor broker or floor trader registration is suspended by the CFTC or if the
       Exchange has suspended such member's privilege to act as a floor broker or floor trader on the Exchange.
       All members registered with the CFTC must report any changes to such status in accordance with applicable CFTC
       regulations and must promptly notify the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department of any such
       changes.
511.
16B    QUALIFIED TRADERS AND BROKERS
       No member shall be permitted to execute a pit, spot call or allowable privately negotiated transaction on the
       Exchange unless he is qualified to do so by a clearing member.


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 8 of 41
       A member shall place all trades for his own account or any account which he controls, on the books of his
       qualifying clearing member unless written authorization to the contrary from said clearing member has been filed
       with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department. Regardless of such authorization, a
       member in a deficit position with any clearing member shall place trades only through his qualifying clearing
       member. Any non-qualifying clearing member that carries a member's account in a deficit position shall promptly
       notify the clearing member that is qualifying such member.
       All trades initiated for a member’s account, an account which he controls or an account in which he has a
       proprietary interest shall be disclosed on the books of a clearing member.
       A member who believes his qualifying clearing member is unreasonably withholding a release necessary to permit
       the member to be qualified by a different clearing member may request a hearing before a Panel of the Business
       Conduct Committee (“Panel”) pursuant to the applicable provisions of Rule 408. The Panel may, in its sole
       discretion, remand a dispute concerning the validity of a signed non-compete agreement between the parties to
       arbitration pursuant to Rule 600.A. Either party may petition the arbitration chairman for expedited handling of the
       matter pursuant to Rule 613.
       The Panel may assess attorneys’ fees and the administrative costs of the proceeding against one or both of the
       parties if it determines that a claim or defense was frivolous or filed in bad faith.
       511.A.          Floor Trading
       A clearing member may, without prior notice, revoke a member’s authorization to trade by written revocation filed
       with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department. Such revocation shall be effective and the
       member's qualification to trade shall terminate when notice of the disqualification is posted on the Exchange floor.
       A member shall not appear upon the floor of the Exchange until he has been requalified. A member who has been
       disqualified shall promptly return his membership badge to the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services
       Department.
       511.B.
       8B            Globex Trading
       Unless otherwise specified by a member's qualifying clearing member, a member suspended from entering orders
       through Globex shall not be disqualified from pit trading.
       In the case of a member who has Globex access guaranteed by a clearing member other than his qualifying
       clearing member, the qualifying clearing member may terminate the member's ability to place orders through
       Globex by notifying the clearing member providing the member access to Globex. The clearing member providing
       the access to Globex will be responsible for ensuring that the member does not place orders through Globex.
512.
17B    [RESERVED]
513.
18B    CONDUCT, APPAREL AND BADGES
       513.A.
       89B           General
       Members and their employees are expected to conduct themselves on Exchange premises with dignity and
       integrity in order to maintain a safe workplace and the efficiency and good name of the Exchange. Members and
       their employees shall refrain from excessive speed in moving about the trading floors, and shall be respectful of all
       others on Exchange premises and shall abide by Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance.
       Members and their employees, while on the trading floors, shall be professionally attired in accordance with
       Exchange policy, and shall wear jackets bearing identification badges issued by the Exchange. Members and their
       employees not professionally attired in accordance with Exchange policy may be barred or removed from the
       trading floors. Refreshments and smoking are forbidden on the trading floors at all times.
       513.B.
       90B            Sanctions
       1.    Designated Exchange officials may impose fines on members or their employees for violations of the
             Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance. Fines imposed pursuant to Rule 513.B.1. are
             final and may not be appealed.
       2.    A fourth violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance within a rolling 18-
             month period will be subject to a $1,000 fine.
       3.    A fifth or subsequent violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance within a
             rolling 18-month period will be referred to a summary proceeding before a Panel of the Floor Conduct
             Committee. The Panel may impose a fine not to exceed $5,000 per violation.
       4.    Notwithstanding any other provision in this Rule, the Chief Regulatory Officer shall have the authority to
             impose a fine not to exceed $5,000 per offense on members and their employees for egregious violations of


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                  Page 9 of 41
           Rule 513.A.
       5.  The Market Regulation Department, at its discretion, may refer any alleged violation of Rule 513 to the
           Probable Cause Committee for consideration of charges.
       513.C.
       91B         Hearings and Appeals
       An individual fined pursuant to Rule 513.B.2., 3. or 4. may, within 10 days of the decision, file a written appeal with
       the Market Regulation Department. A written appeal that fails to specify the grounds for the appeal and the specific
       error or impropriety of the original decision shall be dismissed. The appeal shall be heard by a Panel of the
       Business Conduct Committee (“BCC Panel”) whose decision shall be final. The appellant shall be entitled to be
       represented by counsel, appear personally before the BCC Panel and present evidence that he may have in
       support of his appeal. The BCC Panel shall not set aside, modify or amend the appealed decision unless it
       determines, by majority vote, that the decision was:
       1. Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s discretion;
       2. In excess of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or
       3. Based on a clearly erroneous application of Exchange rules.
514.
19B    TRADING INFRACTIONS
       A written complaint concerning a trading infraction pursuant to Rule 514.A. may be initiated by members, member
       firms, trading floor employees of members or member firms or staff of the Exchange. Charges shall be issued and
       hearings shall be conducted for violations of this rule in accordance with Rule 409.
       514.A.
       92B            Definition
       The following shall constitute trading infractions:
       1. a bid or offer out of line with the market;
       2. a bid or offer which tends to confuse the other traders;
       3. a trade through the existing bid or offer;
       4. failure to confirm a transaction;
       5. failure of a buyer and seller to properly notify the pit reporter of transaction prices in accordance with Rule 528
           and/or failure to ascertain that such prices are properly recorded;
       6. use of profane, obscene or unbusinesslike language on the trading floor;
       7. use of undue force while on, entering or leaving the trading floor;
       8. conduct which tends to confuse, distract, abuse or intimidate any Exchange employee;
       9. conduct of an unbusinesslike nature;
       10. failure to defer to a member who has clearly turned the market;
       11. failure to indicate a quantity on a bid or offer; and
       12. disseminating false, misleading or inaccurate quotes.
       93B




       514.B.        Floor Conduct Committee Fining Authority
       A Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee that finds a member or his employee guilty of violating Rule 514 may
       impose a fine of up to $10,000 per offense on such member or employee, except that an egregious violation of
       Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8. or 9. may result in a fine of up to $20,000. Notwithstanding the above, the total fine levied by a
       Panel against a respondent may not exceed $20,000 based on the single issuance of charges.
       If an individual is found guilty of three violations of Rule 514.A. within a rolling one-year period, or any three
       violations of Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8., and/or 9., within a rolling five-year period, any subsequent alleged violation under
       Part A. of this rule within such period shall be reviewed by the Market Regulation Department to determine whether
       to forward the alleged violation to a Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee for adjudication or to investigate and
       refer the matter to the Probable Cause Committee for review. Notwithstanding the above, the Market Regulation
       Department may, at any time, refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
515.
20B    REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF BROKER ASSOCIATIONS
       515.A.
       94B           Definitions
       1.    Floor Brokerage Activity - The execution or pre-execution handling of orders on the trading floor.
       2.    Broker Association - A broker association shall include the following associations between two or more


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 10 of 41
    members with trading floor access privileges, at least one of whom is engaged in floor brokerage activity:
    a. Revenue Sharing Association: Associations between members who:
         i. share profits or losses associated with their brokerage and/or error account activity; and/or
         ii. have an employer and employee relationship which relates to floor brokerage activity;
    b. Non-Revenue Sharing Association: Associations between members who:
         i. regularly share a deck of orders; and/or
         ii. share employee salary expenses.
    c. Any other group or combination deemed by the Exchange to be a broker association.
3. Principal of a Revenue Sharing Association – Each individual who has formal or de facto control over the
    affairs of, or has a ten percent or greater ownership interest in, a Revenue Sharing Association not owned by a
    clearing member firm.
4. Spokesperson of a Non-Revenue Sharing Association and Revenue Sharing Associations owned by a clearing
    member firm – An individual authorized to represent a Non-Revenue Sharing Association or Clearing Firm
    owned Revenue Sharing Association in connection with its registration obligations set forth in Section B.
5. Investor – An individual who has a direct beneficial interest in a Revenue Sharing Association but is not a
95B




    principal as defined in A.3. above.
515.B.
96B            Registration Requirements
1.  A member of a broker association shall not handle or execute an order unless that association has registered
    with the Exchange.
2. Members or Member Firms must have majority ownership interest in any broker association.
3. Principals involved in floor brokerage activity must have trading privileges in the membership division required
    for access to the products handled by the members of the association. Principals who are not involved in floor
    brokerage activity must own a membership in the membership division required for access to the products
    handled by the members of the association. Notwithstanding the above, principals not regularly involved in
    floor brokerage activity may hold a membership in any division in circumstances where the association is
    owned by a Member Firm and such Member Firm owns a membership in the membership division required for
    access to the products handled by the members of the association.
4. No registered broker association or member thereof shall permit a party to have any direct or indirect profit or
97B




    ownership interest in a broker association unless such party is registered in the association in accordance with
    this rule.
5. Registration shall be accomplished by filing the appropriate registration forms with the Market Regulation
    Department.
6. It shall be the responsibility of the broker association and its principals or spokespersons to ensure that the
    association is properly registered. Any additions, deletions or other changes to the information already
    reported must be provided to the Market Regulation Department within two business days after the event
    giving rise to such changes.
7. The Exchange may request any additional information from a broker association as deemed appropriate.
515.C.
98B            Prohibition on Sharing of Personal Trading Profits
Registrants in a broker association may not share profits or losses associated with their personal trading activity by
9B




direct or indirect means, except for profits and losses related to brokerage errors.
515.D.
10B            Supervision
Each principal of a Revenue Sharing Association must diligently supervise the association’s member registrants
and non-member employees and may be held directly liable for violations of any rule of the Exchange by such
registrants and employees. Regardless of whether the principal is held responsible for the act or acts constituting
the violation, each principal is jointly liable for the payment of any fines assessed against another principal,
registrant or employee of the association provided that the violation occurred while that person was functioning in
his capacity with the association.
515.E.
10B           Trading Restrictions
The Exchange may impose limits on the percentage of personal trading and/or brokerage volume that members of
a broker association may execute with one another. Violations of such restrictions will result in summary action
according to the following schedule on a rolling 24 month period:


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 11 of 41
            First Occurrence                  Letter of Warning
            Second Occurrence                 $1,000 fine
            Third Occurrence                  $5,000 fine
            Subsequent Occurrence             $10,000 fine
            The Exchange may restrict a member of a Revenue Sharing Association from trading for any account such
            member owns, controls or in which such member has a financial interest opposite other members of the
            association executing orders. Violation of such restrictions will result in summary action according to the following
            schedule on a rolling 24 month period:
            First Occurrence                  Letter of Warning
            Second Occurrence                 $500 fine
            Third Occurrence                  $1,000 fine
            Subsequent Occurrence             $5,000 fine
            Actions taken pursuant to this section are final and may not be appealed; however members will have 15 days
            following receipt of notification of the action to present evidence to the Market Regulation Department that
            administrative, clerical or other errors caused the apparent rule violation.
            Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time, refer matters
            that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
516.
21B         ERROR ACCOUNTS
            Each member who acts as a floor broker must maintain a designated error account with his qualifying clearing
            member into which he places brokerage errors. This requirement shall not apply to a floor broker who initiates
            trades or enters orders solely on behalf of a member firm’s proprietary account.
            Each qualifying clearing member which carries an error account agrees, without qualification, to accept and clear
            the broker’s trades involving brokerage errors.
517.-519.
2B          [RESERVED]
                                                                   2B




                                                     TRADING PRACTICES

520.
23B         TRADING CONFINED TO EXCHANGE FACILITIES
            All trading in Exchange products must occur on or through Exchange facilities and in accordance with Exchange
            rules.
521.
24B         REQUIREMENTS FOR OPEN OUTCRY TRADES
            In open outcry trading, bidding and offering practices must at all times be conducive to the competitive execution of
            transactions. All open outcry transactions, including spread and combination transactions, shall be made openly
            and competitively in the pit designated for the trading of the particular transaction. No bid or offer shall be specified
            for acceptance by a particular trader. Transactions may take place only at the best price available in the open
            outcry market at the time the trade occurs.
            It shall be the duty of both traders to confirm their trades as to the price, quantity, commodity, contract month,
            respective clearing members and, for options, strike price, put or call and expiration month. Confirmation shall take
            place as soon as possible, but in no event more than 15 minutes after the trade
522.
25B         ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS AND OFFERS
26B         In open outcry and electronic trading, while outstanding, all or any part of any bid or offer is subject to immediate
            acceptance by any trader. Members are required to honor all bids or offers which have not been withdrawn from
            the market. The price at which a trade is executed shall be binding, unless such trade is cancelled by Exchange
            officials in accordance with Exchange rules.
523.
27B         ALL-OR-NONE TRANSACTIONS
            The Exchange shall determine the minimum thresholds for and the commodities in which All-or-None transactions shall
            be permitted. The following shall govern All-or-None trading:


            © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 12 of 41
       1. A member may request an All-or-None bid and/or offer for a specified quantity at or in excess of the applicable
       minimum threshold. Such request shall be made in the pit designated for the trading of the particular transaction.
       2. A member may respond by quoting an All-or-None bid or offer price. A bid or offer in response to an All-or-
       None request shall be made only when it is the best bid or offer in response to such request, but such price need
       not be in line with the bids and offers currently being quoted in the regular market.
       3. A member shall not execute any order by means of an All-or-None transaction unless the order                includes
       specific instructions to execute an All-or-None transaction or the All-or-None bid or offer is the best price available
       to satisfy the terms of the order.
       4. An All-or-None bid or offer may be accepted by one or more members provided that the entire quantity of the
       All-or-None order is executed at a single price and that each counterparty to the order accepts a quantity at or in
       excess of the designated minimum counterparty threshold. Each order executed opposite an All-or-None order
       must be for a quantity that meets or exceeds the minimum counterparty threshold. Separate orders may not be
       bunched to meet the minimum counterparty threshold.
       5. All-or-None transactions shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or otherwise
       affect orders in the regular market.
       6. All-or-None transactions must be reported to a designated Exchange official who shall record and publish the
       quantity and prices separately from reports of transactions in the regular market. The brokers executing All-or-None
       transactions must maintain a record of said transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
524.
28B    [RESERVED]
525.   [RESERVED]
526.
29B    BLOCK TRADES
       The Exchange shall designate the products in which block trades shall be permitted and determine the minimum
       quantity thresholds for such transactions. The following shall govern block trades:
       A. A block trade must be for a quantity that is at or in excess of the applicable minimum threshold. Orders may
           not be aggregated in order to achieve the minimum transaction size, except by those entities described in
           Sections I. and J.
       B. Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined in Section 1a(12) of
           the Commodity Exchange Act.
       C. A member shall not execute any order by means of a block trade for a customer unless such customer has
           specified that the order be executed as a block trade.
       D. The price at which a block trade is executed must be fair and reasonable in light of (i) the size of the block
           trade, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract at the relevant time, (iii) the prices and
           sizes of transactions in other relevant markets, including without limitation the underlying cash market or
           related futures markets, at the relevant time, and (iv) the circumstances of the markets or the parties to the
           block trade.
       E. Block trades shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or otherwise affect orders
           in the regular market.
       F. The seller must ensure that each block trade is reported to the Exchange within five minutes of the time of
           execution; except that block trades in interest rate futures and options executed outside of Regular Trading
           Hours (7:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m. Central Time, Monday – Friday on regular business days) and Housing and
           Weather futures and options must be reported within fifteen minutes of the time of execution. The report must
           include the contract, contract month, price, quantity of the transaction, the respective clearing members, the
           time of execution, and, for options, strike price, put or call and expiration month. The Exchange shall promptly
           publish such information separately from the reports of transactions in the regular market.
       G. Block trades must be reported to the Clearing House in accordance with an approved reporting method.
       H. Clearing members and members involved in the execution of block trades must maintain a record of the
           transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
       I. A commodity trading advisor ("CTA") registered or exempt from registration under the Act, including, without
           limitation, any investment advisor registered or exempt from registration under the Investment Advisors Act of
           1940, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and D., provided such advisors have
           total assets under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is suitable for the customers of such


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                    Page 13 of 41
              advisors.
       J.     A foreign Person performing a similar role or function to a CTA or investment advisor as described in Section I,
              and subject as such to foreign regulation, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and
              D., provided such Persons have total assets under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is
              suitable for the customers of such Persons.
527.
30B    OUTTRADES, ERRORS AND MISHANDLING OF ORDERS
       527.A.
       102B            Outtrades Discovered During a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
       It shall be the duty of a member discovering an outtrade during a Regular Trading Hours session to immediately
       notify the opposite trader. Thereafter, if the matter cannot be resolved between the parties, they shall immediately
       determine who will cover the trade and the trade shall immediately be covered.
       527.B.
       103B           Outtrades Discovered After a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
       A clearing member that is unable with diligent effort to resolve an outtrade with another clearing member shall
       notify the member who executed the trade. Such notice shall be given prior to the following day’s Regular Trading
       Hours session in sufficient time to allow the member to make provisions for the resolution of the outtrade.
       Outtrades discovered after a Regular Trading Hours session shall be resolved between the parties to the outtrade
       as provided in this rule, no later than the opening of trading of the next Regular Trading Hours session.
       527.C.
       104B          Outtrades Resolution
       To resolve an outtrade, the parties shall attempt to agree upon: (1) the reconciliation of any discrepancy in the
       terms of the trade, (2) which party will cover the trade and the method for covering the trade, if applicable, and (3)
       the apportionment of the financial results of the outtrade. In the event the parties are unable to agree on the
       apportionment of the financial results, the parties must nevertheless immediately reconcile the outtrade.
       The price at the time of the open of the next Regular Trading Hours session shall fix the limit of liability as a result
       of the outtrade. Regardless of the ultimate determination of financial responsibility for the outtrade, a party who
       unreasonably refuses to cover the outtrade via an appropriate alternate market may be liable to the other party for
       the difference between the price at which the outtrade could have been covered in the alternate market and the
       price at the time of the open of the next Regular Trading Hours session.
       Outtrades shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures below:
       1. Straight Out Customer Outtrades
            If a floor broker discovers that all or some portion of a customer order was executed but cannot be cleared, the
            broker shall either 1) re-execute the order in the market and adjust the customer by check if the re-execution
            price is worse than the original execution price, or, if the re-execution price is better than the original execution
            price, the customer is entitled to the better price or 2) assign the opposite side of the portion that cannot be
            cleared to his error account and assign a fill to the customer at the execution price. The floor broker shall not
            liquidate the assigned position until at least ten minutes have elapsed after the execution of the order giving
            rise to the outtrade and the bracket period in which the outtrade occurred has ended; however, these
            liquidation restrictions shall not apply to a liquidation during the post close session. Any profits or losses
            resulting from the liquidation of the assigned position belong to the floor broker and any such profits may be
            retained or disbursed at his discretion.
            A floor broker who assigns the opposite side of an order pursuant to this rule shall: 1) clearly identify all such
            transactions by appropriate designation; 2) submit such trade information to his qualifying clearing member in
            sufficient time to enable the clearing member to submit the trade for the next intra-day reconciliation; 3)
            document in writing the circumstances surrounding any such transaction and promptly provide such
            documentation to the Market Regulation Department upon request; and 4) identify the subsequent liquidation
            of the assigned trade on the floor broker’s trading card or other document.
       2. Price Outtrades
            When an outtrade exists due to a price discrepancy, members making the trade may choose to resolve the
            discrepancy by electing either of the two prices in question, if they agree that the trade was executed at that
            price.
            If an outtrade involves a price discrepancy between a local and a broker, and the members cannot agree on
            the price of execution, the price recorded by the broker shall be used to clear the trade.
            If an outtrade between locals or an outtrade between brokers involves a price discrepancy, and the members
            cannot agree on the price of execution, the buyer’s price shall be used to clear the trade.


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                    Page 14 of 41
3.  Quantity Outtrades
    When an outtrade exists due to a quantity discrepancy, members making the trade may choose to resolve the
    discrepancy by electing either of the two quantities in question, if they agree that the trade was executed for
    that quantity.
    If an outtrade between locals involves a quantity discrepancy and the members cannot agree on the quantity
    that was executed, the higher quantity shall be used to clear the trade.
    A broker may assign the opposite side of any quantity which he believes that he has executed, but which
    cannot be cleared, to his error account, pursuant to Section 1 above.
4. Bona Fide Contract Month, Strike, Put vs. Call and Side of Market (Buy vs. Buy or Sell vs. Sell) Outtrades
    When an outtrade exists due to a contract month, strike price, side of market, or put/call discrepancy, and any
    party who executed a customer order believes that the order was executed in accordance with its instructions,
    the outtrade may be resolved in any one of the following ways:
    a. The trade may be busted. If a broker re-executes his order, any losses incurred by the customer as a
         result of the delay in execution must be adjusted by check. If the order is executed at a more favorable
         price, the customer is entitled to the better price.
    b. The members making the trade(s) may agree to clear either trade or both trades in accordance with the
         members’ recorded trade data.
    c. A broker may assign the opposite side of his order to his error account, pursuant to Section 1. above, and
         he may agree to the clearing of the transaction according to the terms of the other member’s recorded
         trade data.
    d. If both members involved in the outtrade are brokers, they may each assign the opposite side of their
         respective orders to their error accounts pursuant to Section 1. above.
    A customer shall not be entitled to any portion of any profits realized by a local who was on the opposite side
    of an outtrade between the local and the customer’s broker, as a result of the local’s liquidation of his position.
    Such profits belong to the local, and may be retained or disbursed at his discretion. If the local chooses to
    disburse any portion of such profits to the broker, and the broker’s customer has received a fill in accordance
    with the broker’s recorded trade data, the broker is not obligated to offer such profits to his customer.
    Nothing herein shall in any way limit a member's right to submit an outtrade to Exchange arbitration if the
    outtrade cannot be resolved by agreement.
527.D.
105B          Errors and Mishandling of Orders
If a broker overbuys or oversells for an order, the customer is not entitled to any of the quantity executed in excess
of the order quantity. A position that has been established as a result of an erroneous execution or mishandling of
an order must be placed in the error account of the broker or firm responsible for the error or order mishandling.
Any profits resulting from the liquidation of trades placed in a broker’s or firm’s error account belong to the relevant
broker or firm, and any such profits may be retained or disbursed at the broker’s or firm’s discretion.
1. Unfilled or Underfilled Orders
      If a broker fails to execute an order or underbuys or undersells for an order, the broker shall do one of the
      following:
      a. Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market and adjust the customer by check if the
           customer is filled at a price less favorable than that to which he was entitled due to the broker’s error or
           mishandling of the order. If the order is filled at a more favorable price, the customer is entitled to the
           better price.
      b. Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market. If the order, or the remainder of the order,
           is filled at a worse price than that to which the customer was entitled but for the error or mishandling, the
           broker may allocate the fill to his error account, pursuant to Section C.1. above, provide the customer a fill
           at the price to which the customer was entitled, and place the opposite side of the customer fill into his
           error account. If the order is filled at a more favorable price, the customer is entitled to the better price.
2. Wrong Contract Month, Wrong Strike, or Wrong Commodity Executions
      When an order has been executed in the wrong contract month, wrong strike price, or wrong commodity, and
      the erroneous transaction has been placed in the relevant broker’s or firm’s error account, the error may be
      corrected by one of the following:
      a. Execution of the order in accordance with its terms, with an adjustment to the customer by check if the


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 15 of 41
                 order is executed at a worse price as a result of the error or mishandling of the order.
              b. Execution of a spread or combination transaction to execute the order and liquidate the position arising
                 from the initial erroneous execution of the order, whereby one leg of the spread or combination transaction
                 represents the correct execution of the order and the other leg offsets the erroneous position in the
                 broker’s or firm’s error account. The broker or firm must clearly identify such transactions by appropriate
                 designation, clearly document in writing the circumstances surrounding the nature of the error and
                 promptly provide such documentation to the Market Regulation Department upon request.
       3. Wrong Side of Market Executions
       When an order has been executed on the wrong side of the market and the erroneous execution has been placed
       in the relevant broker’s or firm’s error account, the order shall be executed in accordance with its terms, with an
       adjustment to the customer by check if the order is executed at a worse price as a result of the error or mishandling
       of the order.
528.
31B    PRICE REPORTING
       Parties to a pit transaction shall properly notify the designated Exchange official of the price at which trades have
       been consummated. Both parties to a pit trade are required to ensure that such price is properly posted.
       Whenever a member makes a trade with another member and such trade constitutes a price infraction, he shall
       1) immediately break the trade; or 2) satisfy all bids or offers which were adversely affected; or 3) adjust the price
       of the trade to the price which existed when the price infraction occurred, provided that both parties agree to adjust
       the price and the terms of any affected orders are satisfied.
529.
32B    WITHHOLDING ORDERS PROHIBITED
       A Member (as defined in Rule 400), or any person entering orders on the Globex platform, shall not withhold or
       withdraw from the market any order, or any part of an order, for the benefit of any person other than the person
       placing the order.
530.
3B     PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS' ORDERS
       A member shall not buy (sell) a futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or sell (buy) a put option for his own
       account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account over which he has
       discretionary trading authority when he is in possession of an executable order for another person to buy (sell) a
       futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or sell (buy) a put option in the same product, regardless of the venue of
       execution. All contract months in a given futures product and all options on the futures product, in addition to any
       corresponding alternative sized (mini or micro) futures or options contracts on a given product, shall be considered
       the same product for the purposes of this rule.
       The foregoing shall not apply to DRT orders provided that the customer has previously consented in writing and
       evidence of such general consent is indicated on the order with the “WP” (with permission) designation. In the
       case of a floor broker holding a discretionary order for an account described in Rule 547, a "WP" designation on
       the order shall constitute sufficient evidence of prior consent.
       No person shall enter an order into the Globex platform for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or
       indirect financial interest or an account over which he has discretionary trading authority, including, without
       limitation, an order allowing discretion as to time and price, when such person is in possession of any order for
       another person that the Globex platform is capable of accepting.
531.
34B    TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS' ORDERS PROHIBITED
       531.A.
       106B         General Prohibition
       No person in possession of a customer order shall knowingly take, directly or indirectly, the opposite side of such
       order for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account over
       which he has discretionary trading authority.
       531.B.
       107B          Exceptions
       The foregoing restriction shall not apply to the following:
       1. Transactions executed in accordance with Rule 527 to resolve bona fide outtrades or errors;
       2. Transactions executed pursuant to Rule 538;
       3. Block trades executed pursuant to Rule 526;


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 16 of 41
       4.   On the Globex platform, a person may knowingly trade against his customer order for his own account, an
            account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, an account over which he has discretionary
            trading authority, or a proprietary account of his employer, only if the customer order has been entered
            immediately upon receipt and has first been exposed on the Globex platform for a minimum of 5 seconds in
            the case of futures orders or for a minimum of 15 seconds in the case of options orders; and
       5.   Transactions where the customer has consented in writing no more than 12 months prior to the transaction to
            waive the application of Rule 531.A. Such transactions shall further be subject to the following requirements:
            (i) if the transaction was pit traded, the member complies with the requirements set forth in Rule 533; (ii) the
            member clearly identifies, by appropriate descriptive words, all such transactions, and (iii) if the transaction
            was pit traded, the member ensures that it is reported to Exchange price reporting staff for entry into the
            Exchange Price Reporting System as a cross trade.
532.
35B    DISCLOSING ORDERS PROHIBITED
       No person shall disclose another person's order to buy or sell except to a designated Exchange official or the
       CFTC, and no person shall solicit or induce another person to disclose order information. An order for pit execution
       is not considered public until it has been bid or offered by open outcry. No person shall take action or direct
       another to take action based on non-public order information, however acquired. The mere statement of opinions
       or indications of the price at which a market may open or resume trading does not constitute a violation of this rule.
533.
36B    SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL OWNERS
       A member who is in possession of both buy and sell orders for different beneficial owners for the same product and
       expiration month, and, for a put or call option, the same strike price, may execute such orders for and directly
       between such beneficial owners provided that in pit trading, a member executing such orders shall first bid and
       offer by open outcry three times at the same price, stating the number of contracts, and, thereafter, if neither the
       bid nor the offer is accepted, the orders may be matched in the presence, and with the approval, of a designated
       Exchange official.
       The member making such transactions shall, by appropriate descriptive words or symbols, clearly identify all such
       transactions on his trading card or other similar record made at the time of the execution. The member executing
       such trade must ensure that it is reported to Exchange price reporting staff for entry into the Exchange Price
       Reporting System. Failure to identify the transaction to Exchange price reporting staff as a cross trade shall
       constitute a violation of this rule.
       On the Globex platform, opposite orders for different beneficial owners that are simultaneously placed by a party
       with discretion over both accounts may be entered into the Globex platform provided that one order is exposed for
       a minimum of 5 seconds in the case of futures orders or a minimum of 15 seconds in the case of options orders.
       An order allowing for price and/or time discretion, if not entered immediately upon receipt, may be knowingly
       entered opposite another order entered by the same firm only if this other order has been entered immediately
       upon receipt and has been exposed on the Globex platform for a minimum of 5 seconds for futures orders or a
       minimum of 15 seconds for options orders.
534.
37B    WASH TRADES PROHIBITED
       No person shall place or accept buy and sell orders in the same product and expiration month, and, for a put or call
       option, the same strike price, where the person knows or reasonably should know that the purpose of the orders is to
       avoid taking a bona fide market position exposed to market risk (transactions commonly known or referred to as wash
       sales). Buy and sell orders for different accounts with common beneficial ownership that are entered with the intent to
       negate market risk or price competition shall also be deemed to violate the prohibition on wash trades. Additionally, no
       person shall knowingly execute or accommodate the execution of such orders by direct or indirect means.
535.
38B    RESPONSIBILITY OF FLOOR TRADERS AND FLOOR BROKERS
       Every floor trader and floor broker shall assist his clearing member in the clearing of his trades. Every floor trader
       and floor broker must leave contact information with the clearing member through which or for which he has traded
       in order that he may be contacted during the balance of the day in the event there is a discrepancy in the clearing
       of his trades.
       Each floor trader and floor broker or his designated representative must be available on the trading floor to resolve
       outtrades in contracts in which he executed trades on the previous day no later than 30 minutes prior to the
       opening of the relevant market (or at such other times as may be designated by Exchange officials). If the trader or
       broker or his designated representative is not present during such period, the clearing member through which or for


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 17 of 41
       which the trader or broker has traded shall be authorized to resolve any outtrade in the manner it deems
       appropriate, but such resolution shall not be determinative of the liability of any party to the outtrade.
       A floor trader or floor broker who fails to comply with this rule may be assessed a fine of $1,000 for the first
       violation, $2,000 for a second violation within 30 days of the first violation and $3,000 for a third and each
       subsequent violation within 30 days of the first violation. Fines imposed pursuant to this schedule are final and
       may not be appealed.
536.
39B    RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR PIT, GLOBEX, AND NEGOTIATED TRADES
       536.A.
       108B         General Requirements for Open Outcry Pit Trades
       At the time of execution, it shall be the duty of every member to record each trade made for an account the
       member owns or controls showing the date, price, quantity, product, expiration month, bracket symbol, opposite
       trader, opposite clearing member and, for options, put or call and strike price. Floor brokers executing an order
       shall record their trading symbol, price, quantity, bracket, opposite trader and clearing member. Trades or order
       executions must either be recorded on an approved electronic device or, if recorded on written records, in non-
       erasable ink.
       Members must designate on the trading document used to record a trade whether such trade is a spread trade and
       record “D” for single line entry differential spreads and “6” for all other spreads.
       A member may correct any errors on written trading records by crossing out erroneous trade information without
       obliterating or otherwise making illegible any of the originally recorded information.
       Each member shall provide his clearing member with any trading documents which are relied upon for
       transactional information necessary for submission to the clearing system containing those trades that have been
       executed thus far during that day. Trading documents include trading cards of members' personal and proprietary
       trades, trading cards of one member reflecting trades executed on behalf of another member and floor order
       tickets. Such trading documents must be submitted and timestamped no later than 15 minutes after the end of
       each half-hour interval. If a broker has only partially filled an order at the end of a half-hour period, he does not
       have to submit the document used to record the execution to the appropriate clearing member until the entire order
       has been filled, the unexecuted portion of the order is cancelled, or the market has closed for that contract,
       whichever occurs first.
       In addition, each member must maintain, and is accountable for, all other documents on which original trade
       information is recorded, whether or not such information is subsequently endorsed on an order ticket or entered
       into an approved electronic device. Trading cards used to record the execution of flashed or electronically
       transmitted orders are not required to have the member’s trading symbol pre-printed on them, but such cards must
       be visually distinct from the pre-printed trading cards used by the member to record trades for accounts he owns or
       controls.
       The correct bracket symbol in accordance with the list below must be recorded for each pit trade.
                             Time Intervals                             Bracket Code


                             Unknown to data entry operator             ?
                             Opening range for each contract            $
                             Closing range for each contract            %
                             Post Close Session                         #
                             7:00:00 a.m. – 7:14:59 a.m.                A
                             7:15:00 a.m. – 7:29:59 a.m.                B
                             7:30:00 a.m. – 7:44:59 a.m.                C
                             7:45:00 a.m. – 7:59:59 a.m.                D
                             8:00:00 a.m. – 8:14:59 a.m.                E
                             8:15:00 a.m. – 8:29:59 a.m.                F
                             8:30:00 a.m. – 8:44:59 a.m.                G


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                Page 18 of 41
                     Time Intervals                              Bracket Code
                     8:45:00 a.m. – 8:59:59 a.m.                 H
                     9:00:00 a.m. – 9:14:59 a.m.                 I
                     9:15:00 a.m. – 9:29:59 a.m.                 J
                     9:30:00 a.m. – 9:44:59 a.m.                 K
                     9:45:00 a.m. – 9:59:59 a.m.                 L
                     10:00:00 a.m. – 10:14:59 a.m.               M
                     10:15:00 a.m. – 10:29:59 a.m.               N
                     10:30:00 a.m. – 10:44:59 a.m.               O
                     10:45:00 a.m. – 10:59:59 a.m.               P
                     11:00:00 a.m. – 11:14:59 a.m.               Q
                     11:15:00 a.m. – 11:29:59 a.m.               R
                     11:30:00 a.m. – 11:44:59 a.m.               S
                     11:45:00 a.m. – 11:59:59 a.m.               T
                     12:00:00 p.m. – 12:14:59 p.m.               V
                     12:15:00 p.m. – 12:29:59 p.m.               W
                     12:30:00 p.m. – 12:44:59 p.m.               X
                     12:45:00 p.m. – 12:59:59 p.m.               Y
                     1:00:00 p.m. – 1:14:59 p.m.                 Z
                     1:15:00 p.m. – 1:29:59 p.m.                 2
                     1:30:00 p.m. – 1:44:59 p.m.                 3
                     1:45:00 p.m. – 1:59:59 p.m.                 4
                     2:00:00 p.m. – 2:14:59 p.m.                 5
                     2:15:00 p.m. – 2:29:59 p.m.                 6
                     2:30:00 p.m. – 2:44:59 p.m.                 7
                     2:45:00 p.m. – 2:59:59 p.m.                 8
                      3:00:00 p.m. – 3:15:00 p.m.                   9
Trades that are not recorded contemporaneously due to an error or an outtrade shall be recorded on the member’s
next pre-printed, sequentially numbered trading card. If the trade is not recorded in sequence, the member must
cross out the pre-printed sequence number and write “9999” on the card. In any situation where someone other
than the member is resolving a member’s outtrades, the outtrade clerk or broker’s clerk may use a blank card and
write “9999” on the card to denote that it is out of sequence. The person resolving the outtrade for a member must
initial the card.
Firms must enter an “E” into the order type field to identify any errors placed into a firm error account.
1. Customer Orders
At the time of execution, every order received from a customer must be in the form of a written or electronic record
and include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was received on the floor of the
Exchange and, except as provided in Section C., must identify the specific account(s) for which the order was
placed. Such record shall also include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was
modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled.
Upon request, a clearing firm must provide its broker, in an expeditious and reasonable manner, with a copy of


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                Page 19 of 41
every floor order such broker is asked to execute.
2. Individual Member Orders
     a. A member on the trading floor who enters an order with another member shall record the order
          instructions and the time of placement to the nearest minute in sequence with the other trades recorded
          on his pre-sequenced trading cards, unless such order is immediately entered into an approved electronic
          device or recorded pursuant to Section 2.b. below. Orders that involve options-futures combinations and
          other spread trades where the initiating member personally executes at least one leg of the spread shall
          not be subject to this requirement.
          The member executing the order must record the time of execution to the nearest minute for each
          execution made for the order on the trading card or other document used to record the trade(s) and must
          return this card or document to the initiating member.
          The trading card used to record the placement of the flashed or verbal order and any trading card or
          document used to record the execution of the order must be submitted together to the clearing member by
          the member placing the order or his representative.
     b. Every written order that is initiated by a member for his own account while on the trading floor must
          include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was transmitted for execution and
          when such order was modified, returned, confirmed or cancelled.
     c. A member or his employee standing in a trading pit receiving an order directly over a headset for pit
          execution from an off-floor member for his account must simultaneously make a written record of the order
          on a trading card or other document including the identification of the member calling in the order unless
          such order is immediately entered into an approved electronic device. The member executing the order
          must record the time of execution to the nearest minute for each execution made for the order on any
          trading card or other document used to record the trade(s) and must return this card or document to the
          initiating member’s clearing member.
3. Proprietary Orders of Clearing Members and Certain Member Entities
Upon receipt on the floor of the Exchange, an order placed for the proprietary account of a member firm must be in
the form of a written or electronic record that includes an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such
order was received on the floor and must identify the specific account(s) for which the order was placed. Such
record shall also include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was modified, returned,
confirmed or cancelled.
Orders placed by an employee of a member firm for its proprietary account that are entered directly to the pit via
headset with another employee of the member firm do not require a written and timestamped order ticket provided
that the order is executed by a member employee of the member firm and such member records the time of
execution to the nearest minute for each execution made for the order on the trading card or other document used
to record the trade(s).
4. Trades Made by Members for Accounts Owned or Controlled by Such Member
Each member executing transactions on the trading floor for such member’s personal account or an account
controlled by such member who uses trading cards as the original record of such transactions must use pre-printed
sequentially pre-numbered trading cards. A new trading card must be used at the beginning of each time bracket.
Each member who uses such trading cards must record the transactions in non-erasable ink in exact chronological
order of execution on sequential lines of the trading card, and no lines may be skipped. Any lines that remain after
the last execution recorded on a trading card must be marked through. All transactions which are recorded on a
single trading card must be recorded on the same side of such trading card. No more than six transactions may be
recorded on each trading card. Trading card sequence numbers must be unique during a one-week period.
The trading cards must contain pre-printed member identification which will include, but will not be limited to, the
trading acronym and the full name of the member. The trading cards must also contain preprinted bracket
designations.
Members who use an approved electronic device to record their trades, whether as an original record, or
subsequent to recording their trades on trading cards, must record their trades on the device in the exact sequence
in which they were executed and must ensure that the correct time bracket is entered for each transaction.
Members trading for an account they own or control shall be accountable for their pre-printed sequentially
numbered trading cards, including those cards which are unused or voided.
536.B.
109B            Globex Order Entry


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                Page 20 of 41
1. General Requirement
Each Globex terminal operator entering orders into Globex shall input for each order: a) the user ID assigned him by
the Exchange, a clearing member or other authorized entity and b) the price, quantity, product, expiration month, CTI
code and account number (except as provided in Section C.), and, for options, put or call and strike price. The Globex
terminal operator’s user ID must be present on each order entered. For a Globex terminal operator with access
pursuant to Rule 574, clearing members authorizing such access will be responsible for the Globex terminal operator’s
compliance with this rule.
With respect to orders received by a Globex terminal operator which are capable of being immediately entered into
Globex, no record other than that set forth above need be made. However, if a Globex terminal operator receives an
order which cannot be immediately entered into Globex, the Globex terminal operator must prepare a written order and
include the account designation, date, time of receipt and other information required pursuant to section A.1. above.
The order must be entered into Globex when it becomes executable.
2. Electronic Audit Trail Requirements for Electronic Order Routing/Front-End Systems
Clearing members guaranteeing a connection to Globex are responsible for maintaining or causing to be maintained
the order routing/front-end audit trail for all electronic orders, including order entry, modification, cancellation and
responses to such messages (referred to as the “electronic audit trail”), entered into the Globex platform through the
           ®
CME iLink gateway. This electronic audit trail must be maintained for a minimum of 5 years, and clearing members
must have the ability to produce this data in a standard format upon request of Market Regulation.
This electronic audit trail must contain all order receipt, order entry, order modification, and response receipt times to
the highest level of precision achievable by the operating system, but at least to the hundredth of a second. The times
captured must not be able to be modified by the person entering the order. The data must also contain all Fix Tag
information and fields which should include, but is not limited to the following:
A record of all fields relating to order entry, including transaction date, product, Exchange code, expiration month,
quantity, order type, order qualifier, price, buy/sell indicator, stop/trigger price, order number, unique transaction
number, account number, session ID, Tag 50 ID, host order number, trader order number, clearing member, type of
action, action status code, customer type indicator, origin, and timestamps. For executed orders the audit trail must
record the execution time of the trade along with all fill information.
In the case where the Guaranteeing Clearing Firm has a direct connect client that is another Clearing Firm or a
Corporate Equity Member, the Clearing Firm may notify the client Clearing Firm or Corporate Equity Member that it is
their obligation to maintain the electronic audit trail. Upon execution of this written notice, it shall be the duty of the
client Clearing Firm or Corporate Equity Member to maintain an electronic audit trail pursuant to this rule.
536.C.
10B            Bunched Orders and Orders Eligible for Post Execution Allocation
Bunched orders must be allocated and recorded in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.35(a-1)(5) and the NFA’s
Interpretative Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10.
A bunched order for pit execution does not require the specific account number to be recorded at the time of order
placement or upon the report of execution provided that 1) the order is being placed by an account manager for
multiple accounts eligible for post execution allocation or 2) a written, pre-determined allocation scheme has been
provided to the futures commission merchant accepting or clearing the order prior to the time the order has been
placed. Additionally, at the time of receipt on the trading floor, bunched orders that do not contain specific account
numbers must contain a series, group, or suspense account indicator which relates directly to the group of
accounts for which the order has been placed. A bunched order may be initially cleared into a suspense account
provided that the final account-specific allocations are submitted to the clearing system no later than the end of
each trading day.
With respect to bunched Globex orders, such orders may be entered using a series designation or suspense
account number provided that 1) the order is being placed by an account manager for multiple accounts eligible for
post execution allocation or 2) a written, pre-determined allocation scheme that defines the series has been
provided to the futures commission merchant accepting or clearing the order prior to the time that such order is
entered. In the latter case, if such information has not been provided to the futures commission merchant prior to
the time of order entry, each specific account number must be entered into Globex. Additionally, for all such
bunched orders executed on Globex, the final account specific allocations must be submitted to the clearing
system no later than the end of each trading day.
Bunched orders for non-discretionary accounts may be entered either for pit execution or through Globex; however,
only the following order types may be bunched: Market on Open, Market on Close, same priced Limit Orders and
same priced Stop Orders. Such non-discretionary orders may only be bunched in the following instances:



© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                  Page 21 of 41
a.    Each order underlying the bunched order must be reduced to writing and include the information required
      pursuant to Section A.1. above;
b. Allocation of the executions for the bunched orders must be fair and equitable in accordance with the NFA’s
      Interpretative Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10; and
c.  In circumstances where the order is bunched in a member firm’s sales office, the party accepting the order
    must, contemporaneously with the order placement, transmit the individual account numbers and quantities
    associated with the bunched order to the clearing member firm. Such transmission shall be maintained by the
    clearing member firm along with the bunched order.
536.D.
1B           Customer Type Indicator (CTI) Codes
Each clearing member must identify each transaction executed on the trading floor or on the Globex platform on
the record of transactions submitted to the Exchange with the correct customer type indicator (CTI) code. The CTI
codes are as follows:
         CTI 1: Electronic Trading and Open Outcry – Applies to transactions initiated and executed by an
         individual member for his own account, for an account he controls, or for an account in which he has an
         ownership or financial interest. However, transactions initiated and executed by a member for the
         proprietary account of a member firm must be designated as CTI 2 transactions.
         CTI 2: Electronic Trading and Open Outcry – Applies to orders entered or trades executed for the
         proprietary accounts of a member firm, including Rule 106.H., I., N., R. and S. firms.
         CTI 3: Electronic Trading – Applies to orders entered by a member or a nonmember terminal operator for
         the account of another individual member or an account controlled by such other individual member.
         CTI 3: Open Outcry – Applies to orders that a member executes on behalf of another individual member,
         or for an account such other member controls or in which such other member has an ownership or
         financial interest.
         CTI 4: Electronic Trading and Open Outcry – Applies to all orders and transactions not included in CTI
         categories 1, 2 or 3. These typically are orders entered by or on behalf of nonmember entities.
536.E.
12B           Negotiated Trades
All orders executed in accordance with Rules 526, 537 and 538, unless otherwise exempted by rule, are subject to
the recordation requirements pursuant to Section A.1.
536.F.
13B           CTR Enforcement Program and Sanction Schedule
CTR Monthly Enforcement Program
The CTR threshold levels for members with 100 or more transactions per month are as
follows:

Exception Type                           Threshold Level

Bracket Exceptions                       8% and above

Time of Execution for
Verbal Orders                            8% and above

Sequence Errors                          8% and above

A letter of warning shall be issued for a first occurrence of exceeding any threshold. Subsequent occurrences within 12
months of exceeding a threshold shall result in automatic fines starting at $1,000, and then increasing to $2,500 and
$5,000 for each subsequent occurrence. Fifth and subsequent offenses within a 12 month period will be referred to the
Probable Cause Committee by the Market Regulation Department.
A member will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to the Market Regulation
Department in support of having the letter of warning or fine dismissed showing that administrative, clerical, or other
errors by the clearing firm caused the member to exceed the threshold level. If the member does not submit such



© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.               Page 22 of 41
       evidence, or if the Market Regulation Department determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to reduce the
       percentage below the threshold level, the letter of warning or fine shall be final and may not be appealed.
       The monthly CTR threshold for timestamp exceptions for firms with 1,000 or more transactions per month is 8% and
       above. A letter of warning shall be issued for a first occurrence of exceeding the threshold. Subsequent occurrences
       within 12 months of exceeding the threshold shall result in automatic fines starting at $1,500 for the second
       occurrence, then increasing to $5,000 and $10,000 for each subsequent occurrence.
       A firm will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to the Market Regulation
       Department in support of having the letter of warning or fine dismissed. If the firm does not submit such evidence, or if
       the Market Regulation Department determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to reduce the percentage
       below the threshold level, the letter of warning or fine shall be final and may not be appealed.
       CTR Clearing Member Back Office Audit Enforcement Program
       The Market Regulation Department will conduct audits of clearing members to verify that required audit trail information
       has been accurately recorded and submitted. The CTR audit threshold level for firms failing to pick up and timestamp
       sequenced cards, verbal order cards and floor orders is 20%. The threshold for all other firm audit trail or
       recordkeeping deficiencies is 10%.
       Percentage calculations will be made based on an examination of a combination of sequenced cards, verbal orders
       and floor orders totaling 150 documents. The number of documents containing a deficiency(ies) will be divided by the
       total number of documents examined in determining the deficiency percentage.
       Violations of each threshold within 24 months shall be subject to automatic fines starting at $2,500 for a first
       occurrence, then increasing to $5,000 and $10,000 for each subsequent occurrence.
       A firm will have 15 days after receipt of a fine to present evidence to the Market Regulation Department in support of
       having the fine dismissed. If the firm does not submit such evidence, or if the Market Regulation Department
       determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to reduce the percentage below the threshold level, the fine shall
       be final and may not be appealed.
       Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any time, refer matters that it
       deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
       536.G.
       14B            Telephone Recordings
       Members and member firms that record conversations conducted on their Exchange Floor telephone lines must
       maintain the resultant recordings for a period of 10 business days following the day when such recordings are
       made.
       Unless specifically exempted by the Market Regulation Department or designated Exchange staff, all headset
       communications must be voice recorded by the member or member firm authorized to use the headset and all such
       recordings must be maintained for a minimum of 10 business days following the day on which the recording is
       made. Members and member firms are permitted to utilize their own recording devices, provided that the devices
       meet reasonable standards with respect to quality and reliability. Alternatively, members and member firms may
       utilize an Exchange administered voice recording system for a fee.
       536.H.        Retention of Records
       Each member and member firm and employees of the foregoing must keep full, complete and systematic records,
       including records created or transmitted electronically, together with all pertinent data and memoranda, of all
       transactions relating to its business of dealing in commodity futures, options and cash transactions in accordance
       with CFTC Regulation 1.35. Such records must be retained for a minimum of five years in permanent form, and
       shall at all times be open to inspection by Exchange staff or any representative of the CFTC or the United States
       Department of Justice.
537.
40B    SUBSTITUTION OF FUTURES FOR FORWARDS (SUB)
       A Substitution of futures contracts for over-the-counter (OTC) forward instruments shall be permitted by
       arrangement between eligible contract participants and comprised of two discrete transactions, where, the buyer
       and seller of the futures contract must be, respectively, the buyer and seller of the forward instrument. The forward
       instrument component shall involve the commodity underlying the futures contract (or a derivative, by-product or
       related product of such commodity). The quantity covered by the forward instrument must be approximately
       equivalent to the quantity covered by the futures contract. The parties to the transaction shall maintain a record of
       the transaction together with all pertinent memoranda. The forward instrument component of a Sub transaction
       must comply with applicable CFTC forward regulatory requirements, if any. The Exchange shall determine eligible
       futures contracts and over-the-counter instruments.


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 23 of 41
538.
41B    EXCHANGE FOR RELATED POSITIONS
       The following transactions shall be permitted by arrangement between parties in accordance with the requirements of
       this rule:
       Exchange for Physical (“EFP”) – A privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of an Exchange futures position for
       a corresponding cash position.
       Exchange for Risk (“EFR”) – A privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of an Exchange futures position for a
       corresponding OTC swap or other OTC instrument.
       Exchange of Options for Options (“EOO”) – A privately negotiated and simultaneous exchange of an Exchange option
       position for a corresponding OTC option position or other OTC instrument with similar characteristics.
       For purposes of this rule, an EFP, EFR or EOO shall be referred to as an Exchange for Related Position (“EFRP”).
       538.A.         Nature of an EFRP
       An EFRP consists of two discrete but related simultaneous transactions. One party to the EFRP must be the buyer of
       (or the holder of the long market exposure associated with) the related position and the seller of the corresponding
       Exchange contract. The other party to the EFRP must be the seller of (or the holder of the short market exposure
       associated with) the related position and the buyer of the corresponding Exchange contract.
       However, a member firm may facilitate, as principal, the related position on behalf of a customer, provided that the
       member firm can demonstrate that the related position was passed through to the customer who received the
       Exchange contract position as part of the EFRP.
       538.B.         Related Positions
       The related position (cash, OTC swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative) must involve the commodity underlying
       the Exchange contract, or must be a derivative, by-product, or related product of such commodity that has a
       reasonable degree of price correlation to the commodity underlying the Exchange contract.
       538.C.         Quantity
       The quantity covered by the related position must be approximately equivalent to the quantity covered by the Exchange
       contracts.
       538.D.         Prices and Price Increments
       An EFRP transaction may be entered into in accordance with the applicable price increments or option premium
       increments set forth in the rules governing the pertinent Exchange contracts, at such prices as are mutually agreed
       upon by the two parties to the transaction.
       538.E.         Date and Time of Transaction
       The date and the time of execution of all EFP transactions must be denoted on the record of the transaction required to
       be created pursuant to Rule 536.E. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, EFRP transactions entered into CME
       ClearPort do not need a separate record of the transaction or time of execution provided that such transactions are
       entered immediately after the relevant terms have been determined, but in no event later than the earlier of the start of
       the next business day or the end of the permissible posting period for EFRP transactions following the expiration of the
       underlying futures contract.
       538.F.         Termination of Trading in Exchange Contracts
       EFRP transactions may be permitted after termination of trading in expiring Exchange contracts, as prescribed in the
       applicable rules governing such Exchange contracts. Such transactions shall not establish new positions.
       538.G.         Identification and Submission to the Clearing House
       Each EFRP transaction shall be designated as such and shall be cleared through the Clearing House. Each such
       transaction shall be submitted to the Clearing House within the time period and in the manner specified by the
       Exchange. Clearing member firms are responsible for exercising due diligence as to the bona fide nature of EFRP
       transactions submitted on behalf of customers.
       538.H.         Documentation
       Parties to any EFRP transaction must maintain all documents relevant to the Exchange contract and the cash, OTC
       swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivatives, including all documents customarily generated in accordance with
       relevant market practices and any documents reflecting payment and transfer of title. Any such documents must be
       provided to the Exchange upon request, and it shall be the responsibility of the carrying clearing member firm to
       provide such requested documentation on a timely basis.
       538.I.         Account Requirements


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 24 of 41
       The accounts involved in the execution of an EFRP transaction must be (a) independently controlled accounts with
       different beneficial ownership; or (b) independently controlled accounts of separate legal entities with the same
       beneficial ownership, provided that the account controllers operate in separate business units; or (c) independently
       controlled accounts within the same legal entity, provided that the account controllers operate in separate business
       units; or (d) commonly controlled accounts of separate legal entities, provided that the separate legal entities
       have different beneficial ownership.
       However, on or after the first day on which delivery notices can be tendered in a physically delivered Exchange futures
       contract, an EFRP transaction may not be executed for the purpose of offsetting concurrent long and short positions in
       the expiring Exchange futures contract when the accounts involved in such transaction are owned by the same legal
       entity and when the date of the Exchange futures position being offset is not the same as the date of the offsetting
       transaction.
       538.J.         Large Trader Requirements for EFRP Transactions
       Each clearing member, omnibus account and foreign broker submitting large trader positions in accordance with Rule
       561 must submit for each reportable account the EFRP volume bought and sold in the reportable instrument, by
       contract month, and additionally for EOOs, by put and call strike. The information must be included in the daily Large
       Trader report to the Exchange.
539.
42B    PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES PROHIBITED
       539.A.
       15B          General Prohibition
       No person shall prearrange or pre-negotiate any purchase or sale or noncompetitively execute any transaction,
       except in accordance with Sections B. and C. below.
       539.B.
       16B          Exceptions
       The foregoing restriction shall not apply to block trades pursuant to Rule 526 or Exchange for Related Positions
       transactions pursuant to Rule 538.
       539.C.
       17B           Pre-Execution Communications Regarding Globex Trades
       Parties may engage in pre-execution communications with regard to transactions executed on the Globex platform
       where one party (the first party) wishes to be assured that a contra party (the second party) will take the opposite
       side of the order under the following circumstances:
       1. A party may not engage in pre-execution communications with other market participants on behalf of another
            party unless the party for whose benefit the trade is being made has previously consented to permit such
            communications.
       2. Parties to pre-execution communications shall not (i) disclose to a non-party the details of such
            communications or (ii) enter an order to take advantage of information conveyed during such communications
            except in accordance with this rule.
       3. In the case of futures orders, the first party’s order must be entered into the Globex platform first and the
            second party’s order may not be entered into the Globex platform until a period of 5 seconds has elapsed from
            the time of entry of the first order.
       4. In the case of options orders, subsequent to the pre-execution communication, a Request for Quote (“RFQ”) for
            the particular option or option spread or combination must be entered into Globex. Thereafter, in equity and
            interest rate options, a Request for Cross (“RFC”) order which contains both the buy and the sell orders must be
            entered into Globex no less than five (5) seconds and no more than thirty (30) seconds after the entry of the RFQ
            in order to proceed with the trade. In all other options, the RFC order must be entered no less than fifteen (15)
            seconds and no more than thirty (30) seconds after the entry of the RFQ in order to proceed with the trade. The
            RFQ and the RFC order must be entered within the same trading session. Failure to enter the RFC order within
            30 seconds after the entry of the RFQ will require a new RFQ to be entered prior to the entry of the RFC order,
            which must be entered in accordance with the time parameters described above in order to proceed with the trade.
540.
43B    RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS
       540.A.
       18B          Standard of Responsibility
       A Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall exercise due diligence in the handling and execution of customer orders.
       Failure to act with due diligence shall constitute negligence. In the case of a dispute as to whether a Member has
       exercised due diligence, the appropriate arbitration or disciplinary committee is authorized to determine whether
       the Member was negligent and, if so, whether an adjustment is due to the customer. The committee may take into
       consideration the nature of the order and existing market conditions, including the existence of a "fast market" (a


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                Page 25 of 41
       designation invoked to reflect rapid price changes and volatile market conditions in the pit), at the time the Member
       acted or failed to act. However, no market condition nullifies a Member's responsibility to exercise due diligence.
       A Member is prohibited from directly or indirectly guaranteeing the execution of an order or any of its terms such as
       the quantity or price. A Member may only report an execution that has occurred as a result of open outcry, has
       been effected through the Globex platform, or has been executed as a permissible privately negotiated transaction.
       This rule shall not be construed to prevent a Member from assuming or sharing in the losses resulting from an error
       or the mishandling of an order.
       540.B.
       19B           Liability for Negligence
       A Member may not adjust the price at which an order was executed or be held responsible for executing or failing
       to execute an order unless such Member was negligent or is settling a bona-fide dispute regarding negligence.
       A member firm may not compel an adjustment from a Member in the absence of a bona-fide dispute regarding
       negligence.
       Clearing members shall document all adjustments. Clearing members shall make and retain a record which
       contains the date the adjustment was received, the name of the Member making the adjustment, the account to
       which the adjustment was credited, the amount of the adjustment, the order number and the reason for the
       adjustment. Such records must be provided to the Market Regulation Department upon request.
                                                                                                 ™
541.
4B     TOP STEP TRADING RESTRICTIONS IN S&P 500 STOCK PRICE INDEX FUTURES
       A member must be registered with the Exchange in order to stand on the top step or top step area of the S&P 500
       futures pit. While on the top step, such members must have a top step badge visibly displayed on their trading
       jacket. Once registered, a member shall not trade or place orders in S&P 500 futures during Regular Trading
       hours (“RTH”) for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account
       which he controls, except that a member may trade or place an order to liquidate a position that resulted from an
       error in the execution of an order.
       Notwithstanding the above, a top step registered member may, during an RTH session, deregister with the
       Exchange and thereafter trade or place orders for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect
       financial interest, or an account which he controls provided that the member neither trades nor fills orders in S&P
       500 futures from the time of deregistration through and including a full bracket period after the bracket period in
       which deregistration occurred. For the purposes of this rule, the last two regular brackets, the closing range
       bracket and the post close session bracket shall be considered a single bracket.
542.
45B    SIMULTANEOUS SPREAD AND COMBINATION TRANSACTIONS
       A.    All spread or combination transactions in which all sides are acquired simultaneously must be for the same
             account or accounts with the same ownership, except as provided by Rule 527. Each of the respective legs of
             the spread or combination transaction must be priced within the daily price limits for those contracts that have
             limits.
             Spread or combination transactions shall not set off conditional orders in any contract except for an identical
             spread or combination conditional order. All simultaneous spread or combination transactions must be
             reported to a designated Exchange official who shall record and publish the differentials or combination prices
             in addition to the quantities of such trades. The brokers executing any spread or combination transaction must
             maintain a record of the transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
             For the purposes of this rule, a whole integer price is an option price that is divisible by one tick without
             remainder (e.g., one tick, two ticks, three ticks, etc.). For the purposes of this rule, a non-integer tick price is
             an option price that is not divisible by one tick without remainder (i.e., one-half tick or cabinet, one and one-half
             ticks, and two and one-half ticks). In addition, the rule in an option's contract specifications defining that given
             option contract's minimum fluctuations also defines that option contract's whole integer and non-integer tick
             prices for the purposes of this rule.
             Spread or combination transactions involving options on interest rate futures contracts trading at non-integer
             tick prices other than those transactions explicitly defined in this rule are not allowed.
       B.    Any spread or combination transaction involving cabinet options may trade, provided that the traded price of
             the combination is zero, cabinet, or 1 tick, as defined by that product’s minimum fluctuations.
             For the purposes of this rule, a cabinet option is an option trading at a price of one-half tick (except for options
             on Three–Month Euroyen futures), and a one-tick option is an option trading at a price of one tick. In addition,
             the rule in an option's contract specifications defining that given option contract's minimum fluctuations also


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                     Page 26 of 41
            defines that option contract's one-tick price and one-half tick price for the purposes of this rule. Also, the rule
            in an option's contract specifications defining that given option contract's underlying futures contract also
            defines that underlying futures contract for the purposes of this rule.
            Spread or combination transactions involving cabinet options other than those transactions explicitly defined in
            this rule are not allowed.
       C. [Reserved]
       D. Trading is allowed in simultaneous spread or combination transactions involving options on FX futures contracts
       trading at whole integer and non–integer tick prices, subject to the conditions applying to other spread or
       combination transactions and also subject to the following respective additional conditions:
       1. Spread and combination transactions may trade at a non–integer tick price provided that the net absolute price
       differential or aggregate combination price, as applicable, is five ticks or less.
       2. Conversion and reversal transactions involving the purchase and sale of options and futures are also allowed to
       trade at one–half tick provided that each component futures is assigned an integer price.
       E. [Reserved]
       F. On Globex, spread or combination transactions shall be made by inputting the spread differential or
            combination price into the Globex system.
            For combinations traded on Globex in price terms, the Exchange will allocate the combination trade price
            among the individual options in the combination for clearing purposes.
543.   [RESERVED]
544.
46B    CLOSING DAY ORDERS
       During the last day of trading in an expiring futures contract, all allowable types of orders that reach the trading
       floor less than 15 minutes prior to the close of trading, except for market, closing, spread, limit and stop orders, will
       be accepted solely at the risk of the customer on a not-held basis. A broker shall not be responsible for
       cancellations unless the cancellation reaches the broker at least 15 minutes prior to the close on the last day of
       trading in an expiring futures contract.
545.
47B    [RESERVED]
546.
48B    OPENING AND CLOSING RANGES DURING REGULAR TRADING HOURS
       Opening and closing ranges shall be established by Exchange staff in consultation with the Pit Committee.
       In the event of a disputed opening or closing range or a trade during the opening or closing range that is
       conspicuously out of line with the market, the final determination of the opening or closing range shall be made by
       Exchange staff in consultation with the Pit Committee. A change in the opening range will be allowed only if the
       request for a change is made within 15 minutes of the posting of the range. A change in the closing range will be
       allowed only if the request for a change is made within 10 minutes of the posting of the range.
547.
49B    DISCRETIONARY ORDERS
       Other than DRT orders, no Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall accept an order that gives more latitude than
       price and time in execution of the order, except in accordance with the provisions of Rule 956.
       The above restriction shall not apply to those orders:
       1. placed by another member for an account owned by such member;
       2. placed by the member’s immediate family which includes a spouse, parent, child, grandparent, grandchild,
            brother, sister, aunt, uncle, nephew, niece or in-law; and
       3. placed for proprietary accounts of member firms.
548.
50B    PRIORITY OF EXECUTION
       In pit trading, non-discretionary customer orders shall be executed in accordance with their price and time priority.
       A member shall not execute a discretionary order, including, without limitation, an order allowing the member
       discretion as to time and price, while in possession of an executable customer order. No person shall allocate
       executions in any manner other than an equitable manner.
       Non-discretionary customer orders received by a Globex terminal operator shall be entered into Globex in the


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 27 of 41
       sequence received. Non-discretionary orders that cannot be immediately entered into Globex must be entered
       when the orders become executable in the sequence in which the orders were received.
549.
51B    [RESERVED]
550.
52B    POST CLOSE SESSION
       As soon as practicable, trading may resume for a period of three minutes after the close of Regular Trading Hours
       for pit traded futures and designated options contracts. Such trading must begin within15 minutes after the close of
       Regular Trading Hours unless a later start time is approved by an Exchange Official. The post close session for
       related products shall commence simultaneously.
       During the post close session, members are obligated to bid or offer any orders that were received prior to or after
       the close which are executable in the post close session.
       Outright futures and options trades during the post close session may occur at any price, provided such price is
       within the daily limits for contracts with daily price limits.
       Spreads or combination transactions during the post close session may occur at any price, provided that both legs
       are priced within the daily price limits for contracts with price limits.
       The prices at which trades occur during the post close session may establish a new high or low in the outright
       contract month or spread or combination.
       Except as otherwise specifically set forth in this rule, the rules applicable to trading during Regular Trading Hours
       shall be applicable to trading during the post close session.
551.
53B    [RESERVED]
552.
54B    DUAL TRADING RESTRICTIONS
       552.A.
       120B           Definitions
       1.  Dual Trading: The term "dual trading" shall mean trading or placing an order for one's own account, an
           account in which one has a direct or indirect financial interest or an account which one controls, in any contract
           month in which such person previously executed, received or processed a customer order on the Exchange
           floor during the same Regular Trading Hours session.
       2. Customer: The term "customer" means the ultimate (end) customer or originator of the order, not the clearing
           member.
       3. Mature Liquid Contract: The term "mature liquid contract" means a contract month by position in relation to the
           front month contract at any given point in time that has had during the prior six calendar months an average
           daily pit-traded volume of 10,000 or more contracts; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may
           exempt from or include in this definition specific contracts and hours of trading during which such contracts will
           be deemed not to be mature liquid contracts, taking into account any market conditions which, in the Board's
           opinion, would justify such action.
       552.B.
       12B           Prohibition
       Dual trading shall be prohibited in any contract month which is deemed a mature liquid contract by management
       subject to the exceptions in Section C. below.
       552.C.
       12B           Exceptions
       1.     Customer Permission. A member may engage in dual trading in any contract month if each customer for
              whom such member executes or processes orders in that contract month grants prior written permission to
              such member.
       2.     Member Customers. A member may engage in dual trading in any contract month if the customer for whom
              such member executes or processes orders in that contract month is a member of the Exchange.
       3.     Errors.
              a. A member taking a position into his error account as a result of the erroneous execution of an order shall
                  not be considered to be dual trading provided that such member creates an accurate record evidencing
                  that the position was the result of an error.
              b. A member may engage in dual trading to offset a position resulting from the erroneous execution of a
                  customer order provided that such member (1) creates an accurate, contemporaneous record evidencing
                  that the transactions for such member's account were the result of the correction of the error and (2)


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 28 of 41
                records the time of each trade to the nearest minute on his trading card.
              c.A member may engage in dual trading to spread a position resulting from an order execution error against
                a contract in which the member is dual trading restricted. The member must create an accurate
                contemporaneous record evidencing that the original position was the result of an error and create a
                record to clearly identify any trades made for the purpose of spreading against the original position. When
                spreading an error position, any trading in a dual trading restricted component of the spread may only be
                for offset purposes. The member may not add to the position or reestablish a position in a dual trading
                restricted component once the position has been offset. The member must create an accurate,
                contemporaneous record identifying the offsetting transaction and must record the time of execution to the
                nearest minute for each such transaction.
       4. Spread Brokers. A member whose primary business is the execution of spread orders may engage in dual
           trading. Members executing options/futures spread or combination orders (in which the futures side is a dual
           trading restricted contract) at a differential or combination value, while in the options pit, will not be considered
           in violation of the dual trading restrictions if such members subsequently trade for their personal accounts in
           that dual trading restricted futures contract. This exemption only applies to members executing the
           aforementioned options/futures spreads or combinations. Members are still prohibited from trading for their
           personal accounts in dual trading restricted futures contracts after executing outright customer orders in such
           contracts.
       552.D.
       123B           Side-by-Side Trading in Eurodollar Futures Contracts
       During Regular Trading Hours, the dual trading restrictions applicable to open outcry trading of Eurodollar futures
       contracts apply to the on-floor trading of the same contract months on Globex pursuant to the following provisions:
       1. On-floor Globex brokers and terminal operators who handle, process, or fill a customer order in a restricted
           Eurodollar futures contract month (either on Globex or in the pit) may not trade or place an order for their own
           account, an account in which they have a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account they control for the
           remainder of that session in that contract month either on Globex or in the pit.
       2. Pit brokers who handle, process, or fill a customer order in a restricted Eurodollar futures contract month
           (either in the pit or on Globex) may not trade or place an order for their own account, an account in which they
           have a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account they control for the remainder of that session in that
           contract month either in the pit or on Globex.
553.
5B     AVERAGE PRICE SYSTEM
       553.A.
       124B          Application of Average Prices
       The Exchange's Average Price System ("APS"), or a proprietary APS developed by a clearing member, allows a
       clearing member to confirm to customers an average price when multiple execution prices are received on an order
       or series of orders for futures, options or combination transactions. An order or series of orders executed during
       the same trading day at more than one price may be averaged pursuant to APS only if each order is for the same
       account or group of accounts and for the same product and expiration month for futures, or for the same product,
       expiration month, put/call and strike price for options.
       553.B.
       125B          Requirements for APS Trades
       A clearing member may have the Exchange calculate average prices or a clearing member may calculate average
       prices internally for contracts executed on the Exchange. The requirements enumerated below must be met for
       APS transactions.
       1. The customer must have requested average price reporting.
       2. Each individual trade must be submitted and cleared by the Exchange at the executed price.
       3. If a clearing member computes and confirms the average price to its customers, it must compute the weighted
            mathematical average price, as set forth in Section C.
       4. If a clearing member calculates the average price, it must possess the records to support the calculations and
            allocations to customer accounts and must maintain these records pursuant to CFTC regulations.
       5. A clearing member must ensure that its proprietary trades are not averaged with customer APS trades.
       553.C.
       126B           Computation of Average Price
       Upon receipt of an execution or match at multiple prices for an APS order, the weighted mathematical average
       must be computed by: (a) multiplying the number of contracts purchased or sold at each execution price by that
       price, (b) adding the results together and (c) dividing by the total number of contracts. An average price for a


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 29 of 41
       series of orders will be computed based on the average prices of each order in that series. The actual average
       price or the average price rounded to the next price increment may be confirmed to customers. If a clearing
       member confirms the rounded average price, the clearing member must round the average price up to the next
       price increment for a buy order or down to the next price increment for a sell order. The residual created by the
       rounding process must be paid to the customer. APS may produce prices that do not conform to whole cent
       increments. In such cases, any amounts less than one cent may be retained by the clearing member.
       553.D.
       127B          Disclosure
       Each clearing member that confirms an average price to a customer must indicate on the confirmation and monthly
       statement that the price represents an average price.
554.
56B    [RESERVED]
555.
57B    TOP STEP TRADING RESTRICTIONS
       555.A.
       128B         Definitions
       1.  Restricted Contract Month: The term "restricted contract month" means a mature liquid contract month subject
           to the dual trading provisions of Rule 552.
       2. Contract Month Position: The term "contract month position" means the area of the pit designated by the Pit
           Committee for trading a specific contract month or months.
       3. Personal Account: The term "personal account" means a member's own account, an account in which the
           member has a direct or indirect financial interest, or an account which the member controls.
       555.B.
       129B         Top Step Restrictions
       The provisions of this Section B. are not applicable to those products and contract months subject to the
       restrictions in Rule 541.
       While standing on the top step, a member shall not execute a trade or place an order for his personal account in
       any restricted contract months which are traded in the contract month position where such member stands.
       After a member has conducted business on the top step, including, executing, receiving or processing an order,
       neither the member nor anyone else shall thereafter during the same RTH session execute a trade or place an
       order for such member's personal account in any restricted contract month eligible for trading in the contract month
       position where such member conducted business. However, a member may trade or place orders in such restricted
       contract months prior to his standing on the top step, and such orders may be executed by another individual even
       after the member placing the orders has conducted business on the top step, provided the execution of such orders
       on behalf of such member is not otherwise prohibited by Rule 552.
       A restricted contract month shall be deemed to be restricted, for the purposes of this rule only, through the last day
       of trading of such restricted contract month.
       555.C.
       130B           Exceptions
       1.  Errors: Taking a position resulting from the erroneous execution of a customer order and liquidating such
           position will not be a violation of the top step restrictions provided the member creates an accurate record
           evidencing that such transactions were the result of an error or the correction of an error.
       2. Intermarket Spreaders: A member may trade from the top step provided such transactions are made
           exclusively to facilitate intermarket spreads or combinations.
       3. Trading with Discretion for the Proprietary Account of a Clearing Member: A member who fills orders from the
           top step for the proprietary account of a clearing member, where such trading requires sightlines to the pit for
           arbitrage, may also trade with discretion for such account provided that all such trades constitute part of an
           arbitrage transaction to another market and the member has received authorization to do so by the Market
           Regulation Department.
       4. The Board of Directors may exempt any contract or contract months from the provision of this rule taking into
           account any market conditions which, in the Board's opinion, would justify such action.
       5. The Floor Conduct Committee shall have the authority to:
           a. Exempt specific top-step areas deemed unsuitable for order filling; and
           b. Grant individual exceptions where the application of the rule would work a hardship on the execution of
                customer orders, provided such exceptions are consistent with Rule 552.
       555.D.
       13B          Violations



       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 30 of 41
         A single violation of this rule may be deemed a trading infraction under Rule 514.A.9. subject to the jurisdiction and
         fining authority of the Floor Conduct Committee, except for those violations involving Rule 552. Multiple or
         egregious violations of this rule may be referred to the Probable Cause Committee by the Market Regulation
         Department.
556.- 558. [RESERVED]
58B




559.
59B      POSITION LIMITS AND EXEMPTIONS
         The position limit levels applicable to those contracts with position limits are set forth in the Position Limit, Position
         Accountability and Reportable Level Table (“Table”) in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5.
         A person seeking an exemption from position limits must apply to the Market Regulation Department on forms provided
         by the Exchange. In order to obtain an exemption from position limits, a person must:
         1. Provide a description of the exemption sought, including whether the exemption is for bona fide hedging positions
         as defined in CFTC Regulation §1.3(z)(1), risk management positions or arbitrage/spread positions;
         2. Provide a complete and accurate explanation of the underlying exposure related to the exemption request;
         3. Agree to promptly provide, upon request by the Market Regulation Department, information or documentation
         regarding the person’s financial condition;
         4. RESERVED
         5. Agree to comply with all terms, conditions or limitations imposed by the Market Regulation                  Department
         with respect to the exemption;
         6. Agree that the Market Regulation Department may, for cause, modify or revoke the exemption at any                      time;
         7. Agree to initiate and liquidate positions in an orderly manner;
         8. Agree to comply with all Exchange rules; and
         9. Agree to promptly submit a supplemental statement to the Market Regulation Department whenever there is a
         material change to the information provided in the most recent application.
         A person intending to exceed position limits, including limits established pursuant to a previously approved exemption,
         must file the required application and receive approval from the Market Regulation Department prior to exceeding such
         limits. However, a person who establishes an exemption-eligible position in excess of position limits and files the
         required application with the Market Regulation Department shall not be in violation of this rule provided the filing
         occurs within one (1) business day after assuming the position except in circumstances where the Market Regulation
         Department has expressly approved a later filing which may not exceed five (5) business days. In the event the
         positions in excess of the limits are not deemed to be exemption-eligible, the applicant and clearing firm will be in
         violation of speculative limits for the period of time in which the excess positions remained open.
         The Market Regulation Department shall, on the basis of the application and any requested supplemental information,
         determine whether an exemption from position limits shall be granted. The Market Regulation Department may
         approve, deny, condition or limit any exemption request based on factors deemed by the Department to be relevant,
         including, but not limited to, the applicant's business needs and financial status, as well as whether the positions can
         be established and liquidated in an orderly manner given characteristics of the market for which the exemption is
         sought.
         Nothing in this rule shall in any way limit (i) the authority of the Exchange to take emergency action; or (ii) the authority
         of the Market Regulation Department to review at any time the positions owned or controlled by any person and to
         direct that such position be reduced to the position limit provided for in the Table.
         A person who has received written authorization from the Market Regulation Department to exceed position limits must
         annually file an updated application not later than one year following the approval date of the most recent application.
         Failure to file an updated application will result in expiration of the exemption.
         559.A.          Bona Fide Hedging Positions
         The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from position limits for bona fide hedge positions as defined
         by CFTC Regulation §1.3(z)(1).
         Approved bona fide hedgers may be exempted from emergency orders that reduce position limits or restrict trading.
         559.B.          Risk Management Positions
         The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for risk management positions. For
         the purposes of this rule, risk management positions are defined as futures and options positions which are held by or



         © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                     Page 31 of 41
       on behalf of an entity or an affiliate of an entity which typically buys, sells or holds positions in the underlying cash
       market, a related cash market, or a related over-the-counter market and for which the underlying market has a high
       degree of demonstrated liquidity relative to the size of the positions and where there exist opportunities for arbitrage
       which provide a close linkage between the futures or options market and the underlying market in question.
       Exemptions related to indexed positions in the over-the-counter market may include corresponding commodity index-
       based futures and options and/or individual commodity futures and options used as components in replicating an index.
       559.C.         Arbitrage and Spread Positions
       The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for arbitrage, intracommodity spread,
       intercommodity spread, and eligible option/option or option/futures spread positions.
       559.D.         Aggregation of Positions
       1. Positions to be Aggregated - The position limits in the Table shall apply to all positions in accounts for which a
       person by power of attorney or otherwise directly or indirectly owns the positions or controls the trading of the
       positions. The position limits in the Table shall also apply to positions held by two or more persons acting pursuant to
       an expressed or implied agreement or understanding, the same as if the positions were held by, or the trading of the
       positions was done by, a single person.
       2. Ownership of Accounts – Except as set forth in Section E. below, any person holding positions in more than one
       account, or holding accounts or positions in which the person by power of attorney or otherwise directly or indirectly
       has a 10% or greater ownership or equity interest, must aggregate all such accounts or positions unless such person is
       a limited partner, shareholder, member of a limited liability company, beneficiary of a trust or similar type of pool
       participant in a commodity pool. The         foregoing exception for pool participants shall not apply if the person is a
       commodity pool operator, controls the commodity pool’s trading decisions, or has an ownership or equity interest of
       25% or more in a commodity pool whose operator is exempt from registration with the CFTC.
       559.E.         Limited Exceptions to Aggregation for Independently Controlled Positions
       Positions carried for an eligible entity as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1(d) in the separate account or accounts of
       independent account controllers as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1(e) shall not be aggregated for position limit
       purposes provided that the positions are not held in the spot month during such time that a spot month position limit is
       applicable. If an independent account controller is affiliated with the eligible entity or another independent account
       controller, each of the affiliated entities must comply with the requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation §150.3(4)(i)(A-
       D).
       Positions held by futures commission merchants or their separately organized affiliates in customer discretionary
       accounts or in guided account programs shall not be aggregated for position limit purposes provided that the accounts
       are controlled by independent traders and meet the standards set forth in CFTC Regulation §150.4(d).
       Any person claiming an exemption from position limits under this Section must, upon request by the Market Regulation
       Department, provide any information deemed necessary to support the exemption.
       559.F.
       132B           Violations
       Violations of position limits and approved exemption limits are subject to the provisions of Rule 562.
560.
60B    POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY
       The Market Regulation Department may, at any time, require a person who owns or controls positions in contracts
       traded on or cleared by the Exchange and which are subject to position limit or position accountability rules to
       provide information relating to such person’s position. For purposes of this rule, all positions in accounts for which
       a person, by power of attorney or otherwise, directly or indirectly holds positions or controls trading shall be
       included with the positions held by such person. Additionally, positions held by two or more persons acting
       pursuant to an expressed or implied agreement or understanding shall be treated the same as if the positions were
       held by a single person.
       Upon request by the Market Regulation Department, such person shall provide information relating to the positions
       owned or controlled by that person including, but not limited to, the nature and size of the position, the trading
       strategy employed with respect to the position, and hedging information, if applicable. If the person from whom
       such information is requested fails to provide the information as directed, the Market Regulation Department may
       order the reduction of such position.
       A person who exceeds position accountability or position limit levels as a result of maintaining positions at more
       than one clearing firm shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality regarding his position and the identity of the
       clearing members at which the positions are maintained.
       A person who holds or controls aggregate positions in excess of specified position accountability levels or in


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 32 of 41
       excess of position limits pursuant to an approved exemption shall be deemed to have consented, when so ordered
       by the Market Regulation Department, not to further increase the positions, to comply with any prospective limit
       which exceeds the size of the position owned or controlled, or to reduce any open position which exceeds position
       accountability or position limit levels. Any order to reduce an open position shall be issued by the Chief Regulatory
       Officer or his designee, if he determines in his sole discretion, that such action is necessary to maintain an orderly
       market.
       A clearing member that carries positions for another person shall be responsible for taking reasonable and diligent
       actions to effect the timely compliance with any order issued pursuant to this rule upon notification of such order by
       the Market Regulation Department.
       All positions must be initiated and liquidated in an orderly manner.
561.
61B    REPORTS OF LARGE POSITIONS
       561.A.
       13B           General Provisions
       Clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers shall submit to the Exchange a daily report of all
       positions required to be reported as set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level
       Table in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5. Positions at or above the reportable level in a
       particular expiration month of a futures contract or in all puts or in all calls of a particular option contract expiration
       month trigger reportable status. For a person in reportable status in a particular contract, all positions, regardless
       of size, in any futures contract month and in any put or call on that futures contract must be reported.
       Additionally, the daily Large Trader submission to the Exchange must include for each reportable account 1) the
       EFRP volume bought and sold in the reportable instrument, by contract month, and for EOOs by put and call strike
       and 2) the number of delivery notices issued and the number of deliveries stopped in the reportable instrument.
       Failure by an omnibus account or foreign broker to submit required information may result in a hearing by the
       Business Conduct Committee and result in limitations, conditions or denial of access of such omnibus account or
       foreign broker to any Exchange market. Notwithstanding the above, clearing members carrying such accounts
       remain responsible for obtaining and providing to the Exchange information regarding the ownership and control of
       positions in circumstances where an omnibus account or foreign broker has failed to provide the information to the
       Exchange.
       All large trader reports shall be submitted in a form acceptable to the Market Regulation Department. The
       Exchange may require that more than one large trader report be submitted daily. The Business Conduct
       Committee or the Market Regulation Department may require reports from any clearing member, omnibus account
       or foreign broker on a lesser number of positions than reflected in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and
       Reportable Level Table.
       Clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers must provide the Market Regulation Department with the
       required CFTC Form 102 (“Identification of Special Accounts”) identifying the owner, any controlling parties and
       any additional required information for each reportable account. The form must be submitted to the Market
       Regulation Department no later than the business day following the date on which the account becomes
       reportable. Additionally, any material changes to the information previously provided to the Market Regulation
       Department will require the submission of a revised form within three business days of such changes becoming
       effective.
       561.B.
       134B           Reportable Levels
       The reportable levels for all contracts are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability      and Reportable
       Level Table in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5.
562.
62B    POSITION LIMIT VIOLATIONS
       Any positions in excess of those permitted under the rules of the Exchange shall be deemed position limit
       violations. Additionally, any person making a bid or offer that would, if accepted, cause such person to exceed the
       applicable position limits shall be in violation of this rule.
       If a position exceeds position limits as a result of an option assignment, the person who owns or controls such
       position shall be allowed one business day to liquidate the excess position without being considered in violation of
       the limits. Additionally, if, at the close of trading, a position that includes options exceeds position limits when
       evaluated using the delta factors as of that day’s close of trading, but does not exceed the limits when evaluated
       using the previous day’s delta factors, then the position shall not constitute a position limit violation.




       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                     Page 33 of 41
           A clearing member shall not be in violation of this rule if it carries positions for its customers in excess of the
           applicable position limits for such reasonable period of time as the firm may require to discover and liquidate the
           excess positions. For the purposes of this rule, a reasonable period of time shall generally not exceed one
           business day.
           A customer who exceeds the position limits as a result of maintaining positions at more than one clearing member
           shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality regarding his positions and the identity of the clearing members at
           which they are maintained. A clearing member carrying such positions shall not be in violation of this rule if, upon
           notification by the Market Regulation Department, it liquidates its pro-rata share of the position in excess of the
           limits or otherwise ensures the customer is in compliance with the limits within a reasonable period of time.
563.-72.   [RESERVED]

                                   GLOBEX ELECTRONIC TRADING SYSTEM RULES
                                   3B




573.
63B        GLOBEX OPENING
           Each business day, Globex will open with a single price for each instrument unless otherwise designated by the
           Exchange.
           Prior to the opening of each Globex Session, Globex will provide an indicative opening price or prices, based on
           the Globex equilibrium price algorithm described below, and on all pending orders that may be executed on the
           opening. During the 30–second period prior to the opening, no previously entered orders may be modified or
           cancelled, although new orders may be entered.
           Globex will establish an equilibrium price that will be the opening price. The equilibrium price is the calculated price
           between sell pressure and buy pressure where the largest volume of trading can occur. The price will be
           determined in accordance with the following methodology:
           1. Any bid at a given price may also be executed at a lower price.
           2. Any offer at a given price may also be executed at a higher price.
           3. The bid volume at any price is the quantity bid at that price plus the sum of the quantities bid at all higher
                prices.
           4. The offer volume at any price is the quantity offered at that price plus the sum of the quantities offered at all
                lower prices.
           5. Sell pressure occurs when the offer volume exceeds the bid volume at a particular price.
           6. Buy pressure occurs when the bid volume exceeds the offer volume at a particular price.
           7. The trade volume at any price is the smaller of the bid volume or the offer volume.
           8. The price overlap is the range of prices where trades are possible.
           9. The equilibrium is the price range within the price overlap where buy pressure changes to sell pressure.
           10. The equilibrium price is one of the following:
                (a) The price within the equilibrium that has the largest trade volume and the lowest unmatched volume at
                     that price remaining after the opening.
                or
                (b) If more than one price has the same trade volume and the same unmatched volume at that price, the
                     equilibrium price is the one nearest the previous day's settlement price.
           11. If there is no equilibrium (there is only buy pressure or sell pressure), there will be no opening price until a
                trade occurs unless there is a bid higher than, or an offer lower than, the previous day's settlement price.
           12. After the provisional opening price is determined as set forth above for all orders excluding stop and stop limit
                orders, the calculations are repeated with any such orders that would be triggered at such price included until
                a new provisional opening price is determined. If such new price would trigger additional stop or stop limit
                orders, the process is repeated until no more orders are triggered.
           13. Bids and offers will be selected for matching at the opening price based on price and time priority.
574.
64B        GLOBEX ACCESS RESTRICTIONS
           All connections to the Globex system, including direct connections of non-clearing members or customers, must be
           guaranteed by a clearing member that assumes financial responsibility for all activity through the connection. With


           © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 34 of 41
       respect to transactions given up to other clearing members, such guarantee is effective only until such time that the
       other clearing member accepts the trade.
       All individuals entering non-member customer orders in other than a clerical capacity must have appropriate
       industry registration. Non-member customer orders may be entered only from designated areas on the floor of the
       Exchange or from the premises of an entity registered to conduct customer business.
       Clearing members shall assist the Exchange in any investigation into potential violations of the rules or the Act
       which occur through or with respect to a Globex connection guaranteed by the clearing member. Such assistance
       must be timely and may include, but not be limited to, requiring any non-member customer to produce documents,
       to answer questions from the Exchange, and/or to appear in connection with an investigation.
       Clearing members shall suspend or terminate a non-member customer's Globex access if the Exchange
       determines that the actions of the non-member customer threaten the integrity or liquidity of any contract or violate
       any Exchange rule or the Act, or if the non-member customer fails to cooperate in an investigation.
       If a clearing member has actual or constructive notice of a violation of Exchange rules in connection with the use of
       Globex by a non-member for which it has authorized a direct connection and the clearing member fails to take
       appropriate action, the clearing member may be found to have committed an act detrimental to the interest or
       welfare of the Exchange.
575.
65B    [RESERVED]
576.
6B     IDENTIFICATION OF GLOBEX TERMINAL OPERATORS
       Each Globex terminal operator shall be identified to the Exchange, in the manner prescribed by the Exchange, and
       shall be subject to Exchange rules. If user IDs are required to be registered with the Exchange, it is the duty of the
       clearing member to ensure that registration is current and accurate at all times. Each individual must use a unique
       user ID to access Globex. In no event may a person enter an order or permit the entry of an order by an individual
       using a user ID other than the individual’s own unique user ID.
577.
67B    [RESERVED]
68




578.   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, NO WARRANTIES
       A.   EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, THE EXCHANGE, THE BOARD OF TRADE OF THE CITY OF CHICAGO,
            INC. (“CBOT”), THE NEW YORK MERCANTILE EXCHANGE INC. (“NYMEX”) ALONG WITH THE BOARD
            OF TRADE OF KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI, INC. (“KCBT”), THE MINNEAPOLIS GRAIN EXCHANGE
            (“MGEX”) AND ANY OTHER PARTICIPATING EXCHANGE, (INCLUDING EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
            SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES,
            AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, LICENSORS, MEMBERS, AND CLEARING MEMBERS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
            TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
            LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, AND DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
            CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES), ARISING FROM:

            (i)   ANY FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, FAULT IN DELIVERY, DELAY, OMISSION, SUSPENSION,
                  INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION, TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER CAUSE, IN CONNECTION WITH
                  THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION, MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
                  ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE SYSTEMS AND SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE OR SERVICES,
                  EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING
                  WITHOUT LIMITATION ELECTRONIC ORDER ENTRY/DELIVERY, TRADING THROUGH ANY
                  ELECTRONIC MEANS, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION OF MARKET DATA OR INFORMATION,
                  WORKSTATIONS USED BY MEMBERS AND AUTHORIZED EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS, PRICE
                  REPORTING SYSTEMS AND ANY AND ALL TERMINALS, COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS,
                  CENTRAL COMPUTERS, SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, FIRMWARE AND PRINTERS RELATING
                  THERETO; OR

            (ii) ANY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, FAULT IN DELIVERY, DELAY, OMISSION, SUSPENSION,
                 INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION OR TERMINATION, OR ANY OTHER CAUSE, OF ANY SYSTEM OR
                 SERVICE OF THE EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT
                 SUCH SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
                 TO, INDEPENDENT SOFTWARE VENDORS AND NETWORK PROVIDERS; OR

            (iii) ANY ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE OR ANY


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 35 of 41
        EXCHANGE SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES; EXCEPT FOR INCORRECT ORDER STATUSING
        INFORMATION AS PROVIDED IN RULE 579 ; OR

    (iv) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF ANY EXCHANGE SYSTEMS,
         SERVICES OR FACILITIES BY ANY PERSON.

THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER A CLAIM ARISES IN CONTRACT,
TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, CONTRIBUTION OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER THE CLAIM IS
BROUGHT DIRECTLY OR AS A THIRD PARTY CLAIM.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT
AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. A PARTY WHO HAS BEEN FINALLY ADJUDICATED TO HAVE
ENGAGED IN WILLFUL OR WANTON MISCONDUCT MAY NOT AVAIL ITSELF OF THE PROTECTIONS IN
THIS RULE.
B. THERE ARE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS (INCLUDING BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
    USE) PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE, CBOT, NYMEX OR ANY PARTICIPATING EXCHANGE
    (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
    DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, AND LICENSORS RELATING TO ANY SYSTEMS
    OR SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT
    SUCH SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, INCLUDING THE GLOBEX SYSTEM.
C. ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE OR
    SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR SERVICES IN
    WHICH THE EXCHANGE (INCLUDING ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS,
    DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS OR LICENSORS IS A PARTY SHALL BE
    ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE RULES. ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE BROUGHT WITHIN
    THE PERIOD PRESCRIBED BY EXCHANGE RULES. ANY OTHER ACTIONS, SUITS OR PROCEEDINGS
    AGAINST ANY OF THE ABOVE MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN TWO YEARS FROM THE TIME THAT A
    CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED. THIS PARAGRAPH C SHALL IN NO WAY BE CONSTRUED TO
    LIMIT A PARTY’S OBLIGATION TO ARBITRATE ITS CLAIM OR TO CREATE A CAUSE OF ACTION AND
    SHALL NOT AUTHORIZE AN ACTION THAT WOULD OTHERWISE BE PROHIBITED BY EXCHANGE
    RULES. IF FOR ANY REASON, A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FINDS THAT SUCH DISPUTE
    IS NOT ARBITRABLE, SUCH DISPUTE MAY ONLY BE LITIGATED IN THE COUNTY OF COOK IN THE
    STATE OF ILLINOIS AND WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS WITHOUT
    REGARD TO ANY PROVISIONS OF ILLINOIS LAW THAT WOULD APPLY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAW OF A
    DIFFERENT JURISDICTION.
D. THE EXCHANGE MAY, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-
    POCKET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF GLOBEX CONTROL CENTER OR
    OTHER EXCHANGE STAFF AND/OR ORDER STATUS ERRORS PROVIDED BY THE GLOBEX CONTROL
    CENTER OR EXCHANGE SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVE,
    THE EXCHANGE’S TOTAL COMBINED AGGREGATE OBLIGATIONS SHALL NOT EXCEED $100,000 FOR
    ALL LOSSES FROM ALL CAUSES SUFFERED ON A SINGLE DAY; $200,000 FOR ALL LOSSES
    SUFFERED FROM ALL CAUSES IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH; AND $2,400,000 FOR ALL LOSSES
    FROM ALL CAUSES SUFFERED IN A SINGLE CALENDAR YEAR. ANY DISPUTED CLAIM PURSUANT TO
    THIS PARAGRAPH D MUST BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE RULES.
E. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE EXCHANGE’S TOTAL COMBINED AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS
    ARISING OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENCE, FAILURES, MALFUNCTIONS, FAULTS IN DELIVERY, DELAYS,
    OMISSIONS, SUSPENSIONS, INACCURACIES, INTERRUPTIONS, TERMINATIONS, ORDER STATUSING
    ERRORS OR ANY OTHER CAUSES, IN CONNECTION WITH THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE,
    OPERATION, MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE
    EXCHANGE’S SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO
    SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND SERVICES, OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF EXCHANGE STAFF, EXCEED
    $2,400,000 IN ANY GIVEN CALENDAR YEAR.
    IF THE NUMBER OF ALLOWED CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURES OR MALFUNCTIONS ON A
    SINGLE DAY OR SINGLE MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY SATISFIED BECAUSE OF THE ABOVE DOLLAR
    LIMITATIONS, ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE LIMITED TO A PRO RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM
    AMOUNT FOR THE RESPECTIVE PERIOD.



© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.   Page 36 of 41
            A CLAIM AGAINST THE EXCHANGE ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION SHALL ONLY BE
            ALLOWED IF SUCH CLAIM IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS RULE.
579.
69B         GLOBEX CONTROL CENTER
            579.A.
            135B          Customer Support
            The Globex Control Center ("GCC") provides Globex customer support and problem management only to
            members, clearing members and customers designated by clearing members. In addition, designated KCBT AND
            MGEX members and clearing members may also receive customer support and problem management from GCC
            with respect to contracts traded on Globex. In order to be eligible for GCC support, such persons must register
            with the GCC (“Registered Contacts”). The GCC provides customer support via a specified telephone number and
            during specified hours. GCC employees may not always be available to assist Registered Contacts. Persons
            other than Registered Contacts, including non-members with Globex access pursuant to Rule 574, must contact
            their clearing members to make support requests.
            579.B
            136B           GCC Communications
            As provided in Rule 578, the Exchange shall not be liable for any loss resulting from any inability to communicate
            with the GCC. The liability of the Exchange for the negligent acts of GCC staff shall be subject to the limitations
            and conditions of Rule 578. In no event, however, shall the Exchange be liable for the negligence of the GCC if the
            person claiming to have suffered a loss could have secured the support it sought from GCC through its own
            administrative terminal, its clearing member’s terminal or an Independent Software Vendor’s (“ISV”) terminal. For
            purposes of this rule, a person is deemed able to take action through its own administrative terminal, a clearing
            member’s terminal or an ISV’s terminal unless such terminal was inoperative or such terminal service was
            interrupted at the time the GCC took action.
            579.C
            137B          Order Status
            A person who believes he has received an incorrect order status or does not receive an appropriate status shall
            immediately notify the GCC. Additionally, such person shall take any necessary and appropriate market action to
            mitigate any potential losses arising from the incorrect order status or lack of appropriate order status immediately
            after the person knew or should have known that the order status information was incorrect or should have been
            received. Any liability of the Exchange for incorrect order status shall be subject to the limitations and conditions of
            Rule 578.
            Notwithstanding the above, the Exchange shall not be liable for losses related to incorrect order status information
            if the Exchange provides prior notification that an Exchange system, service or facility may produce such incorrect
            information and also provides notification of a means to obtain correct order status information from such system,
            service or facility. In the event that the GCC and an Exchange system, service or facility provide conflicting
            information relating to an order status, a customer may only reasonably rely on the information received from the
            GCC. Any liability of the Exchange shall be subject to the liability caps and conditions of Rule 578.
            579.D.
            138B          Cancellation of Orders at Prices Outside of the Applicable Globex Price Limits
            In certain circumstances, the price limits applicable to contracts traded on Globex may vary depending on the time
            of day. In this situation, it is possible for an order to be entered into the Globex system during one time period at a
            price that is outside of the price limit that applies during a subsequent time period. If this order remains in the
            system at the beginning of the subsequent time period, the system will freeze in the event a market order on the
            opposite side of the market is entered and there are no other resting orders against which it can be matched rather
            than allow the match to occur at a price outside of the applicable price limit. Accordingly, whenever the GCC
            becomes aware of a bid or offer in the Globex system for any contract that is outside of the applicable price limit,
            the GCC will cause such bid or offer to be cancelled and will promptly notify the affected Globex user of such
            cancellation.
580.
70B         CME GLOBEX TRADE MATCHING ALGORITHMS
            The CME Globex platform employs multiple predefined sets of matching algorithms used to match trades on the
            platform. Information concerning the matching algorithm applicable to a particular product is set forth in the CME
            Globex Price Banding document available at www.cmegroup.com/globex/files/PriceBanding.pdf. Information on
                                                             H                                                       H




            the operation of the matching algorithms is available at www.cmegroup.com/globex/introduction.
                                                                     H                                           H




581.-582.
71B         [RESERVED]




            © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                   Page 37 of 41
583.
72B         DOMESTIC CROSS-EXCHANGE TRADING
            583.A.
            139B         Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of Other Domestic Exchanges in Contracts Listed on
                         Globex
            Individual members and clearing members of another domestic exchange that is participating in cross-exchange
            trading through Globex are eligible to obtain cross-exchange access, for proprietary and customer trading activity,
            to the contracts listed on Globex. The contracts may be listed on Globex either by the CME (“CME contracts”) or
            by a domestic exchange other than CME (“Domestic Exchange contracts”). Such members and clearing members
            must (1) be authorized by CME to enter orders in CME contracts or Domestic Exchange contracts, as applicable,
            through Globex, (2) make an arrangement with an appropriate clearing member to clear any trades in CME
            contracts, (3) make an arrangement with a clearing member of the domestic exchange to clear any trades in such
            Domestic Exchange’s contracts, and (4) abide by the Globex trading rules, policies and procedures of CME when
            trading CME contracts and Domestic Exchange contracts through Globex.
            When an individual member or clearing member of a domestic exchange is found to have violated CME’s Globex
            trading rules, CME may deny or suspend the privilege of cross-exchange trading of such individual member or
            clearing member.
            583.B.
            140B          Cross-Exchange Trading by Members of CME in Contracts Listed on Globex or Other
                          Electronic Trading Systems by Participating Domestic Exchanges
            Individual members and clearing members of CME may obtain cross-exchange access, for proprietary and
            customer trading activity, to Domestic Exchange contracts listed on Globex or the contracts of a domestic
            exchange listed on such domestic exchange’s electronic trading system. Such members and clearing members
            must (1) be authorized by the domestic exchange to enter orders in that exchange's contracts either through
            Globex or through such domestic exchange’s electronic trading system, (2) make an arrangement with a clearing
            member of such domestic exchange to clear any trades in Domestic Exchange contracts listed on Globex or
            contracts listed by that domestic exchange on its electronic trading system, and (3) abide by the Globex trading
            rules, policies and procedures when trading Domestic Exchange contracts listed by that domestic exchange on
            Globex or the rules of the domestic exchange when trading contracts on such domestic exchange’s electronic
            trading system.
584.-585.
73B         [RESERVED]
586.
74B         GFX CORPORATION
            The Exchange has established the GFX Corporation ("GFX") to make markets in futures, options and over-the-counter
            products (collectively, the “GFX Contracts”) cleared by the Clearing House and/or for which a CME Group Inc.
            subsidiary is a CFTC derivatives clearing organization and to engage in hedging activities via varying offsetting
            transactions. Position and counterparty limits, as well as parameters on GFX hedging, will be established by the
            Clearing House.
            Employees of GFX may use Globex terminals or other electronic means to enter orders in GFX Contracts. Where
            applicable, such employees must be identified to the Exchange as Globex terminal operators in accordance with Rule
            576 and shall be subject to the rules of the Exchange that relate to electronic trading. All transactions effected by GFX
            in GFX Contracts shall be cleared through a clearing member, and GFX shall be a customer of such clearing member.
587.
75B         PHANTOM ORDERS
            587.A.
            14B          Definition
            A phantom order is an order: 1) that was not authorized by any person but was caused by a failure, malfunction or
            negligent operation of Globex or any other Exchange system, service or facility, or 2) whose terms (e.g., contract,
            contract month, quantity, price or direction) were changed without authorization of the person placing the order
            solely as a result of a failure, malfunction, or negligent operation of Globex or any other Exchange system, service
            or facility.
            587.B.
            142B          Permissible Responses
            If the Exchange has reason to believe that phantom orders have been or are being entered into and/or executed on
            any Exchange system, service or facility, the Exchange shall be empowered to take appropriate action with respect
            to any affected market, including without limitation, closing the market, deleting bids and offers, and/or suspending
            new bids and offers.
            The Exchange shall promptly give notice that all Globex transactions that were directly or indirectly caused by the


            © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 38 of 41
       execution of phantom orders and were executed at prices outside of the non-reviewable range, as determined in
       accordance with Rule 588, shall be voided. The Exchange shall have no liability or responsibility to the parties to
       any transactions that are voided pursuant to this paragraph.
       The Exchange shall also be empowered to void Globex transactions that were directly or indirectly caused by the
       execution of phantom orders and were executed at prices within the non-reviewable range or phantom orders that
       were executed in the pit if the Exchange concludes that such transactions impair the integrity of the market. The
       Exchange’s liability for voiding transactions within the non-reviewable range or voiding transactions executed in the
       pit is limited as provided in paragraph C.
       587.C.
       143B            Limitation of Liability
       Any liability of the Exchange for transactions voided by the Exchange that are within the non-reviewable range shall
       be subject to the limitations and conditions of Rule 578.
       If phantom order transactions executed on the Globex system, by open outcry in the pit, or by means of any other
       Exchange system, service or facility, are not voided, the person who traded opposite a phantom order shall have
       no recourse against the Exchange. The gain or loss on the liquidation of positions resulting from execution of such
       phantom orders shall be the Exchange’s responsibility. The Exchange shall promptly direct the member or clearing
       member carrying such positions to liquidate them in a commercially reasonable manner. Such member or firm
       shall liquidate within 30 minutes of such notification or within 30 minutes of the time it knew or should have known
       that it had been assigned transactions resulting from phantom orders, whichever is sooner. The Exchange’s
       liability to such person shall be limited to the prices at which the positions could have been liquidated during the
       relevant time period.
588.
76B    TRADE CANCELLATIONS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS
       588.A.
       14B          Globex Control Center Authority Regarding Trade Cancellations and Price Adjustments
       The following shall be applied to balance the adverse effects on market integrity of executing trades and publishing
       trade information inconsistent with prevailing market conditions while preserving legitimate expectations of trade
       certainty by market participants. This rule authorizes the Globex Control Center (“GCC”) to adjust trade prices or
       cancel trades when such action is necessary to mitigate market disrupting events caused by the improper or
       erroneous use of the electronic trading system or by system defects. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this
       rule, the GCC may adjust trade prices or cancel any trade if the GCC determines that allowing the trade to stand as
       executed may have a material, adverse effect on the integrity of the market. All decisions of the GCC shall be final.
       588.B.
       145B          Review of Trades
       The GCC may determine to review a trade based on its independent analysis of market activity or upon request for
       review by a user of the electronic trading system. A request for review must be made within eight minutes of the
       execution of the trade.
       The GCC shall determine whether or not a trade will be subject to review. In the absence of a timely request for
       review, during volatile market conditions, upon the release of significant news, or in any other circumstance in
       which the GCC deems it to be appropriate, the GCC may determine, in its sole discretion, that a trade shall not be
       subject to review.
       Upon deciding to review a trade, the GCC will promptly issue an alert indicating that the trade is under review.
       588.C.
       146B          Price Adjustments and Cancellations
       Upon making a determination that a trade will be subject to review, the GCC will first determine whether the trade
       price is within the Non-Reviewable Range for futures or within the Bid/Ask Reasonability Allowance for options, as
       described in Section G. The Bid/Ask Reasonability Allowance for an option is the maximum width of the bid/ask
       range which will be considered reasonable for use in applying the parameters necessary to establish the Non-
       Reviewable Range for the option. In applying the Non-Reviewable Range, the GCC shall determine the fair value
       market price for that contract at the time the trade under review occurred. The GCC may consider any relevant
       information, including, but not limited to, the last trade price in the contract or a better bid or offer price on the
       electronic trading system, a more recent price in a different contract month, the price of the same or related
       contract established in another venue or another market, the market conditions at the time of the trade, the
       theoretical value of an option based on the most recent implied volatility and responses to a Request for Quote
       (RFQ).
       1. Trade Price Inside the Non-Reviewable Range
            If the GCC determines that the price of the trade is inside the Non-Reviewable Range, the GCC will issue an
            alert indicating that the trade shall stand.


       © Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                 Page 39 of 41
2.   Trade Price Outside the Non-Reviewable Range
     a. Futures Contract
          If the GCC determines that a trade price is outside the Non-Reviewable Range for a futures contract
          (including futures spreads), the trade price shall be adjusted to a price that equals the fair value market
          price for that contract at the time the trade under review occurred, plus or minus the Non-Reviewable
          Range. In the event there are multiple parties, prices and/or contracts involved in the transactions at
          issue, the GCC has the authority, but not the obligation, to cancel rather than price adjust such
          transactions. The GCC will issue an alert regarding its decision.
     b. Option Contracts
          If the GCC determines that a trade price is outside the applicable Non-Reviewable Range for an option
          contract, the trade price shall be adjusted. In the case of a buy (sell) error, the price will be adjusted to the
          determined ask (bid) price set forth in the Bid/Ask Reasonability Allowance in Section G. plus (minus) the
          Non-Reviewable Range. In the event there are multiple parties, prices and/or contracts involved in the
          transactions at issue, the GCC has the authority, but not the obligation, to cancel rather than price adjust
          such transactions. The GCC will issue an alert regarding its decision.
Cancelled trade prices and any prices that have been adjusted shall be cancelled in the Exchange’s official record
of time and sales. Trades that are price adjusted shall be inserted in the time and sales record at the adjusted
trade price.
588.D.         Alternative Resolution by Agreement of Parties
With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is price adjusted may instead mutually agree to cancel the
trade. With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is cancelled may instead mutually agree to price adjust
the trade to a price consistent with the adjustment provisions of Section C.
Parties to a trade that is cancelled or price adjusted may mutually agree to a cash adjustment provided that such
adjustments are reported to the GCC and the parties maintain a record of the adjustment.
An executed trade may not be reversed via transfer except where such trade is determined by GCC to be outside
of the Non-Reviewable Range but not reported timely, subject to agreement of the parties and approval of the
GCC. Any such transfer must occur at the original trade price and quantity; however the parties may mutually
agree to a cash adjustment.
A trade that is not cancelled may not be reversed via a prearranged offsetting transaction unless such transactions
are permitted and effected in accordance with Rule 539.C.
588.E.         Liability for Losses Resulting from Price Adjustments or Cancellations and Prohibition on
               Claims for Losses Arising From Error Trades Executed Within the Non-Reviewable Range
A party entering an order that results in a price adjustment or trade cancellation shall be responsible for
demonstrated claims of realized losses incurred by persons whose trade prices were adjusted or cancelled
provided, however, that a claimant shall not be entitled to compensation for losses incurred as a result of the
claimant’s failure to take reasonable actions to mitigate the loss.
A claim for a loss pursuant to this section must be submitted to the Exchange on an Exchange claim form within
five business days of the event giving rise to the claim. The Exchange shall reject any claim that is not filed in a
timely manner or is not permitted by this section and such decisions shall be final. Eligible claims shall be
forwarded by the Exchange to the party responsible for the order(s) that resulted in a trade cancellation or a price
adjustment and to the clearing member through which the trade was placed. Such party, or the clearing member
on behalf of the party, shall, within ten business days of receipt of the claim, admit or deny responsibility in whole or
in part. Failure to respond to the claim within ten business days shall be considered a denial of liability.
To the extent that liability is admitted, payment shall be made within ten business days. Unless otherwise agreed
upon in writing by the parties, failure to make the payment within ten business days shall be considered a denial of
liability for purposes of this rule. A copy of any such written agreement must be provided to the Exchange.
To the extent that liability is denied, the party making the claim may submit the claim to arbitration in accordance with
Rule 622. Such claims must be submitted to the Market Regulation Department within ten business days of the date
the party was issued notification that liability was denied.
Claims for losses incurred as a result of trades executed in error at prices within the non-reviewable range may not be
submitted for arbitration pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 6.
588.F.
147B            Schedule of Administrative Fees
When GCC cancels or price adjusts a trade, the party responsible for entering the order into the electronic trading


© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.                     Page 40 of 41
system that gave rise to the trade cancellation or price adjustment shall pay an administrative fee to the Exchange
in the amount of $500 for each such occurrence. If the party is not deemed a Member as defined in Rule 400 and
fails to pay the fee, the clearing member through which the trade was placed shall be responsible for payment of
the fee.


588.G. Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges




© Copyright Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved.               Page 41 of 41
588.G. Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges
                                                                         Futures

  Instrument                                                                         Non-Reviewable Range      NRR including Unit of       NRR Ticks
                                                                                     (NRR) in Globex format          Measure
                                                Agriculture including Kansas City Board of Trade and MGEX
  Grains and Oilseeds (CBOT)
    Corn Futures                                                                              100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    Mini-sized Corn Futures                                                                   100                  $.10 per bushel            80
    Distillers' Dried Grain Futures                                                           80                 $8.00 per short ton          80
    Wheat Futures                                                                             100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    Mini-sized Wheat Futures                                                                  100                  $.10 per bushel            80
    Soybean Futures                                                                           100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    Mini-sized Soybean Futures                                                                100                  $.10 per bushel            80
    Soybean Meal Futures                                                                      80                 $8.00 per short ton          80
    Soybean Oil Futures                                                                       80                  $.008 per pound             80
    Oats Futures                                                                              100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    Rough Rice Futures                                                                        200              $.20 per hundredweight         40
  Grains and Oilseeds (CME)
    Crude Palm Oil Futures                                                                   15.00              $15.00 per metric ton         60
  Grains and Oilseeds (KCBT)
    Kansas City Hard Red Winter Wheat Futures                                                 100                  $.10 per bushel            40
  Grains and Oilseeds (MGEX)
    MGEX Hard Red Spring Wheat Futures                                                        100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    MGEX National Corn Index Futures                                                          100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    MGEX Hard Red Winter Wheat Index Futures                                                  100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    MGEX Hard Red Spring Wheat Index Futures                                                  100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    MGEX National Soybean Index Futures                                                       100                  $.10 per bushel            40
    MGEX Soft Red Winter Wheat Index Futures                                                  100                  $.10 per bushel            40
  Livestock (CME)
    Live Cattle Futures                                                                       1000                 $.01 per pound             40
    Lean Hog Futures                                                                          1000                 $.01 per pound             40
    Feeder Cattle Futures                                                                     1000                 $.01 per pound             40
  Dairy (CME)
    Milk Futures                                                                               30             $0.30 per hundredweight         30
    International Skimmed Milk Powder Futures                                                 1500            $15.00 per metric tonne         30
    Nonfat Dry Milk Futures                                                                    750               $0.0075 per pound            30
    Dry Whey Futures                                                                           750               $0.0075 per pound            30
    Cash-Settled Butter Futures                                                               2250               $0.0225 per pound            90
    Cheese Futures                                                                             30                 $0.03 per pound             30
  Forestry (CME)
    Random Length Lumber Futures                                                              400             $4.00 per 1,000 board feet      40
    Softwood Pulp Futures                                                                     15.0             $15.00 per metric tonne        30
  Commodity Indexes (CME)
    Dow Jones UBS Commodity Index Futures                                                     40                   4 index points             40
    S&P-GSCI™ Futures                                                                         250                 2.50 index points           50
    S&P-GSCI™ Excess Return Index Futures                                                     500                  5 index points             50
  Softs (NYMEX)
    Cocoa                                                                                     4000                  $40.00 per ton            40
    Coffee                                                                                     100                 $.01 per pound             20
    Cotton                                                                                     80                  $.008 per pound            80
    Sugar No. 11                                                                               35                 $.0035 per pound            35
                                                           Energy
Crude Oil (NYMEX)
  Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures                                      100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  Crude Oil Financial Futures                                        100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  Crude Oil Volatility Index (VIX) Futures                           20      .20 index points      20
  E-mini Crude Oil Futures                                          1000     $1.00 per barrel      40
  Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial Futures                         100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  Brent 25-Day Crude Oil Futures                                     100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  REBCO Futures                                                      100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  REBCO Financial Futures                                            100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  Western Canadian Select (WCS) Crude Oil Futures                    100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  Gulf Coast Sour Crude Oil Futures                                  100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  Argus Sour Crude Index ("ASCI") Financial Futures                  100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial Futures                      100     $1.00 per barrel     100
  DME Oman Crude Oil                                                 100     $1.00 per barrel     100
Ethanol (CBOT)
  CBOT Denatured Fuel Ethanol Futures                                40     $0.04 per gallon      40
Ethanol (NYMEX)
  New York Harbor Ethanol Futures                                    40     $0.04 per gallon      400
Natural Gas (NYMEX)
  Natural Gas (Henry Hub) Futures                                   100      $.10 per MMBtu       100

  E-mini Natural Gas Futures                                         100     $.10 per MMBtu       20
  Pine Prairie Energy Center (PPEC) Natural Gas Futures             1000     $.10 per MMBtu       40
Refined Products (NYMEX)
  New York Harbor No. 2 Heating Oil Futures                         250      $.025 per gallon     250
  E-mini Heating Oil Futures                                        250      $.025 per gallon      25
  RBOB Gasoline Futures                                             250      $.025 per gallon     250
  RBOB Gasoline Financial Futures                                   250      $.025 per gallon     250
  E-mini RBOB Gasoline                                              250      $.025 per gallon      25
  Gulf Coast Gasoline Futures                                       250      $.025 per gallon     250
  Gulf Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD) Futures                 250      $.025 per gallon     250
  New York Harbor Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD) Futures            250      $.025 per gallon     250
  New York Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel Financial Futures                250      $.025 per gallon     250
  European Gasoil Futures                                           200    $2.00 per metric ton    40
  Singapore Fuel Oil 380 cst Futures                                200    $2.00 per metric ton   200
Electricity (NYMEX)
  ALL                                                               200      $2.00 per MWh        40
Coal (NYMEX)
  Central Appalachian Coal Futures                                   60        $.60 per ton       60
Natural Gas Basis Swaps (NYMEX)
  ALL                                                               2500   $.25 per MMBTU         100
  ALL
                                          Equity Index
US Index Futures (CME, CBOT)
  E-mini S&P 500 Futures                                             600      6 index points       24
  Euro-denominated E-mini S&P 500 Futures                            600      6 index points       24
  S&P 500 Futures                                                    600      6 index points       60
  E-mini S&P MidCap 400 Futures                                      400      4 index points       40
  S&P MidCap 400 Futures                                             400      4 index points       80
  E-mini S&P SmallCap 600 Futures                                    400      4 index points       40
  S&P SmallCap 600 Futures                                           400      4 index points       80
  S&P 500/Growth Futures                                             400      4 index points       40
  S&P 500/Value Futures                                              400      4 index points       40
  E-mini NASDAQ-100 Futures                                         1200     12 index points       48
  NASDAQ-100 Futures                                                1200     12 index points       48
  E-mini NASDAQ Composite Futures                                   1200     12 index points       24
  E-mini NASDAQ Biotechnology Futures                               1200     12 index points      120
   E-mini DJIA ($5) Futures                                                       60      60 index points   60
   DJIA ($10) Futures                                                             60      60 index points   60
   Big DJIA ($25) Futures                                                         60      60 index points   60
   Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Index Futures                                       40       4 index points   40
International Index Futures (CME)
   E-mini S&P CNX Nifty (Nifty 50) Futures                                       1000     10 index points   20
   E-micro S&P CNX Nifty (Nifty 50) Futures                                      1000     10 index points   20
   Nikkei 225 (Dollar) Futures                                                    60      60 index points   12
   Nikkei 225 (Yen) Futures                                                       60      60 index points   12
Custom Index Futures (CME)
   Societe Generale (SGI) WISE (proprietary model) US Top Index Futures           600     6 index points    24
   Societe Generale (SGI) WISE (proprietary model) US Bottom Index Futures        600     6 index points    24
   Societe Generale (SGI) WISE (proprietary model) US Long/Short Index Futures    600     6 index points    24
Select Sector Index Futures (CME)
   E-mini Materials Sector Index Futures                                          400     4 index points    40
   E-mini Energy Sector Index Futures                                             400     4 index points    40
   E-mini Financial Sector Index Futures                                          400     4 index points    80
   E-mini Industrial Sector Index Futures                                         400     4 index points    40
   E-mini Technology Sector Index Futures                                         400     4 index points    40
   E-mini Consumer Staples Sector Index Futures                                   400     4 index points    40
   E-mini Utilities Sector Index Futures                                          400     4 index points    40

  E-mini Health Care Sector Index Futures                                         400     4 index points    40
  E-mini Consumer Discretionary Sector Index Futures                              400     4 index points    40
                                          FX Products
FX Index Futures (CME)
  Dow Jones CME FX$INDEX Futures                                                  40         40 ticks       40
G10 Currency Pairs (CME)
  AUD/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  AUD/CAD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  AUD/JPY Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  AUD/NZD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  CAD/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  CAD/JPY Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  CHF/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  CHF/JPY Futures                                                                 200        40 ticks       40
  EUR/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  E-mini EUR/USD Futures                                                          40         40 ticks       40
  EUR/AUD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  EUR/GBP Futures                                                                 200        40 ticks       40
  EUR/CAD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  EUR/CHF Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  EUR/JPY Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  EUR/NOK Futures                                                                 200        40 ticks       40
  EUR/SEK Futures                                                                 200        40 ticks       40
  GBP/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  GBP/JPY Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  GBP/CHF Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  JPY/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  E-mini JPY/USD Futures                                                          40         40 ticks       40
  NOK/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  NZD/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
  SEK/USD Futures                                                                 40         40 ticks       40
E-micros (CME)
  E-micro AUD/USD Futures                                                        0.0040      40 ticks       40
  E-micro EUR/USD Futures                                                        0.0040      40 ticks       40
  E-micro GBP/USD Futures                                                        0.0040      40 ticks       40
  E-micro CAD/USD Futures                                                        0.0040      40 ticks       40
   E-micro USD/CAD Futures                                             0.0040            40 ticks           40
   E-micro CHF/USD Futures                                             0.0040            40 ticks           40
   E-micro USD/CHF Futures                                             0.0040            40 ticks           40
   E-micro USD/JPY Futures                                             0.40              40 ticks           40
   E-micro JPY/USD Futures                                             0.000040          40 ticks           40
   E-micro USD/RMB Futures                                             0.0400            40 ticks           40
Emerging Markets Currency Pairs (CME)
   BRL/USD Futures                                                       20              40 ticks           40
   CZK/USD Futures                                                       80              40 ticks           40
   CZK/EUR Futures                                                       80              40 ticks           40
   HUF/EUR Futures                                                       80              40 ticks           40
   HUF/USD Futures                                                       80              40 ticks           40
   ILS/USD Futures                                                       40              40 ticks           40
   KRW/USD Futures                                                       40              40 ticks           40
   MXN/USD Futures                                                      1000             40 ticks           40
   PLN/USD Futures                                                       80              40 ticks           40
   PLN/EUR Futures                                                       80              40 ticks           40
   RMB/USD Futures                                                       40              40 ticks           40
   RMB/EUR Futures                                                       40              40 ticks           40
   RMB/JPY Futures                                                       40              40 ticks           40
   RUB/USD Futures                                                       400             40 ticks           40
   ZAR/USD Futures                                                      1000             40 ticks           40
   USD/TRY Futures                                                       40              40 ticks           40
   USD/RMB Futures                                                       400             40 ticks           40
   EUR/TRY Futures                                                       40              40 ticks           40
FX VolContracts (CME)
   EUR/USD 1-Month and 3-month Realized Volatility Futures               20         0.20 index points       20
                                            Interest Rates
STIR (CME, CBOT)
   Eurodollar, E-mini Eurodollar Futures, 1-month Eurodollar Futures    2.5         2 1/2 basis points     5 (10)
   Euroyen TIBOR Futures                                                2.5         2 1/2 basis points        5
   3-Month Overnight Index Swap Futures                                 2.5         2 1/2 basis points       10
   30-Day Fed Funds Futures                                             5.0           5 basis points      10 (20)
Sovereign Yield Spreads (CME)
   ALL                                                                  500          5 basis points         20
U.S. Treasury Futures (CME, CBOT)
   Ultra T-Bond Futures                                                 30           30/32 of 1 point       30
   U.S. Treasury Bond Futures                                           30           30/32 of 1 point       30
   10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures                                   300          30/32 of 1 point       60
   5-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures                                    150          15/32 of 1 point       60
   3-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures                                    150          15/32 of 1 point       60
   2-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures                                    150          15/32 of 1 point       60
   OTR 2-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures                                150          15/32 of 1 point       60
   OTR 5-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures                                150          15/32 of 1 point       60
   OTR 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures                               300          30/32 of 1 point       60
   13-Week U.S. Treasury Bill Futures                                   5.0           5 basis points        10
Interest Rate Swaps
   5, 7, 10, 30 Yr Interest Rate Swap Futures                           300          30/32 of 1 point       60
Interest Rate Indexes
   CME Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Index Bond Futures               2.0          2 index points        10

  Eurozone HICP Futures                                                  25         .25 index points        25
                                               Metals
Precious (COMEX)
  Gold Futures                                                           100      $10.00 per troy ounce    100
  Gold VIX Futures                                                       20         .20 index points        20
  E-micro Gold Futures                                                   100      $10.00 per troy ounce    100
  miNY Gold Futures                                                     1000      $10.00 per troy ounce     40
  Silver Futures                                                                      300     $.30 per troy ounce     60
  E-mini Silver Futures                                                               300     $.30 per troy ounce     60
  miNY Silver Futures                                                                3000     $.30 per troy ounce     24
Precious (NYMEX)
  Palladium Futures                                                                  500      $5.00 per troy ounce    100
  Platinum Futures                                                                   100     $10.00 per troy ounce    100
Base (COMEX)
  Copper Futures                                                                     400        $.04 per pound        80
  miNY Copper Futures                                                                400        $.04 per pound        20
Ferrous (NYMEX)
  U.S. Midwest Domestic Hot-Rolled Coil Steel Index Futures                          5000     $50.00 per short ton    50
Other
  UxC Uranium U3O8 Swap Futures                                                      250        $2.50 per pound       50
                                          Real Estate

S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Index
  ALL                                                                                200         2 index points       10
                                            Weather
Temperature (CME)
U.S. Cooling and Heating (Monthly and Seasonal)
  ALL                                                                                25        25.00 index points     25
U.S. Weekly
  ALL                                                                                1.0        1.00 index point      10
Canada Cooling, Heating and Cumulative Average Temperatures (Monthly and Seasonal)
  ALL                                                                                25        25.00 index points     25
Europe Heating and Cumulative Average Temperatures (Monthly and Seasonal)
  ALL                                                                                25        25.00 index points     25
Asia-Pacific Cooling and Heating (Monthly and Seasonal)
  ALL                                                                                .25       25.00 index points     2500
Australia Cooling and Heating (Monthly and Seasonal)
  ALL                                                                                25        25.00 index points     25
Hurricane and Other Weather (CME)
CME Hurricane Index Futures
  ALL                                                                                 .5      0.50 CHI index point     5
CME Hurricane Index Seasonal Futures
  ALL                                                                                 .5      0.50 CHI index point     5
CME Hurricane Index Seasonal Maximum Futures
  ALL                                                                                 .5      0.50 CHI index point     5
CME Frost Index Futures
  CME Frost Day Amsterdam-Schiphol, Netherlands Futures                              25        0.25 index points      25
Snowfall Index Futures (Monthly and Seasonal)
  ALL                                                                                200           2 inches           20
Rainfall Futures (Monthly and Seasonal)
  ALL                                                                                200           2 inches           20
                                      Global Partnerships
GreenX
  Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative CO2 Allowance Vintage/Non-Vintage Futures       50     $.50 per RGGI allowance   50
  Climate Action Reserve (CAR) Vintage/Non-Vintage Futures                           50           $.50 per CRT        50
  Certified Emission Reduction (CER) Futures                                         40        €.40 per allowance     40
  European Union Allowance (EUA) Futures                                             40        €.40 per allowance     40
  California Carbon Allowance (CCA) Futures                                          40        $.40 per allowance     40
  European Union Aviation Allowance Futures                                          40        €.40 per allowance     40
  Emission Reduction Unit (ERU) Futures                                              40        €.40 per allowance     40

  CSAPR TR NOx Annual Allowance Futures                                              200      $200 per allowance      40
  CSAPR TR NOx Ozone Season Allowance Futures                                        200      $200 per allowance      40
  CSAPR TR SO2 Group 1 Allowance Futures                                             100      $100 per allowance      20
  CSAPR TR SO2 Group 2 Allowance Futures                                             100      $100 per allowance      20
                                       Futures Combinations
  Eurodollar Combinations                                                                                                        2 1/2 basis points
  Non-Eurodollar, non-implied eligible, intra-commodity spreads                                                                        5 ticks
  Implied eligible inter-commodity and intra-commodity spreads                                            Same as the Non-Reviewable Range of the individual legs
  Inter-commodity spreads                                                                                  The wider of the Non-Reviewable Range of the two individual legs



                                                                                             Options

                       Instrument                                                     Bid/Ask Reasonability                                          Non-Reviewable Range (NRR)
                                                                  Agriculture including Kansas City Board of Trade and MGEX

Grains (CBOT, KCBT, MGEX)                                    The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.01

Soybean Oil (CBOT)                                           The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                             range with a minimum reasonability of $.0005

Soybean Meal (CBOT)                                          The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.50

Livestock (CME)                                              The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.005

Dairy (CME)                                                  The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.005

Forestry (CME)                                               The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $2.00

                                                                                              Energy

Crude Oil, DME Oman Crude Oil, Crack (NYMEX)                 The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.10

Crude Oil Volatility Index (NYMEX)                           The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.20

Ethanol (CBOT)                                               The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.02

Natural Gas (NYMEX)                                          The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                              20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                              range with a minimum reasonability of $.05
                                                                                        Options

                     Instrument                                                    Bid/Ask Reasonability                                        Non-Reviewable Range (NRR)
Refined Products (NYMEX)                                The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                         20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                        range with a minimum reasonability of $.0076



                                                                                      Equity Index

Equity Index (excluding DJIA)                           The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                         20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                  range with a minimum reasonability of 1.00 index point

DJIA                                                    The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                         20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                   range with a minimum reasonability of 10 index points

                                                                                      FX Products

FX Products(CME)                                        The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                       5% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable range               non-reviewable range
                                                                           with a minimum reasonability of 10 ticks

                                                                                     Interest Rates

STIR - Eurodollar and Euroyen TIBOR (CME)               The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or                   2 minimum ticks
                                                         20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable
                                                                    range with a minimum reasonability of 1 basis point

STIR - 3-Month Overnight Index Swap (CME)               The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                         20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                    range with a minimum reasonability of 3 basis points

STIR - Fed Funds (CBOT)                                 The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                         20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                    range with a minimum reasonability of 2 basis points

U.S. Treasury Futures 2, 5, and 10 Year Note (CBOT)    The greater of the delta times 10/64ths or 20% of the fair value premium up to            20% of premium up to 2/64ths
                                                                     10/64ths with a minimum reasonability of 2/64ths

U.S. Treasury Futures Ultra T-Bond and U.S. Treasury   The greater of the delta times 12/64ths or 20% of the fair value premium up to            20% of premium up to 2/64ths
Bond (CBOT)                                                          12/64ths with a minimum reasonability of 2/64ths

Interest Rate Swaps (5, 7, 10, 30 Yr)                   The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                         20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                                        range with a minimum reasonability of 5/64ths
                                                                   Options

                      Instrument                            Bid/Ask Reasonability                                          Non-Reviewable Range (NRR)
                                                                  Metals

Gold (COMEX)                       The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                    20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                    range with a minimum reasonability of $2.00

Gold Volatility Index (COMEX)      The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                    20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                    range with a minimum reasonability of $.20

Silver (COMEX)                     The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                    20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                    range with a minimum reasonability of $.05

Copper (COMEX)                     The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                    20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                                    range with a minimum reasonability of $.01

                                                                   Real Estate

Housing Price Index                The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or   20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                    20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                  non-reviewable range
                                             range with a minimum reasonability of 1.00 index point
                                                                                                GreenX

 All GreenX Options                                            The greater of the delta times the underlying futures non-reviewable range or     20% of premium up to ¼ of the underlying futures
                                                                20% of the fair value premium up to the underlying futures non-reviewable                    non-reviewable range
                                                                               range with a minimum reasonability of 20 ticks

                                                                                           Bursa Malaysia


Disclaimer: The non-reviewable ranges for the Bursa Malaysia products set forth below are for informational purposes only. Please consult the Bursa Malaysia Rulebook for additional information.

Futures Contract                                                                                          Non-Reviewable Range                 NRR including Unit of Measure           NRR Ticks
                                                                                                                 (NRR)
   USD Crude Palm Oil                                                                                             15.00                               $15.00 per ton                       60
   Crude Palm Oil                                                                                                  100                            MYR100.00 per metric ton                100
   FTSE Bursa Malaysia Kuala Lumpur Composite Index                                                                50.0                              50 index points                      100
   3-Year Malaysian Government Securities Futures                                                                  1.00                                 1.00 point                        100
   5-Year Malaysian Government Securities Futures                                                                  1.00                                 1.00 point                        100
   Crude Palm Kernel Oil Futures                                                                                   100                            MYR100.00 per metric ton                100
   3 Month Kuala Lumpur Interbank Offered Rate Futures (FKB3)                                                      1.00                                 1.00 point                        100
   SINGLE STOCK FUTURES – Product Price Tier (RM0.02 –RM2.00)                                                      0.50                             MYR 0.50 per SSF                       25
   SINGLE STOCK FUTURES – Product Price Tier (RM2.02 –RM5.00)                                                      1.00                             MYR 1.00 per SSF                       50
   SINGLE STOCK FUTURES – Product Price Tier (Above RM5.00)                                                        2.00                             MYR 2.00 per SSF                      100


Options Contract                                                                                          Non-Reviewable Range                 NRR including Unit of Measure           NRR Ticks
                                                                                                                 (NRR)
   Kuala Lumpur Composite Index Options                                                                           25.00                                25 index points                    250
                                                        INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES
                                                              RELATING TO CHAPTER 5

ACCESS, CONDUCT AND APPEARANCE CODE
  It is imperative that persons who utilize the Exchange Trading Floors (“trading floor”) maintain a proper and businesslike atmosphere on the trading floor. This is not
  only for the benefit of the thousands of visitors (ranging from U.S. government officials to foreign dignitaries to the general public) who come to the Exchange each
  year, but also to maintain and enhance the reputation and dignity of the Exchange as an international marketplace.
  Accordingly, the Exchange has established rules governing access to and conduct on the trading floor as well as standards of appearance. These rules and standards
  apply to members and their employees, member firm employees, Exchange employees and visitors.
  I.             Access
               A. To gain access to the trading floor, every member, member's employee, member firm employee, and Exchange employee must use only his own
                  personal access card to gain access to the trading floor. Exchange trading floor employees, other Exchange employees routinely on the trading floor
                  and members must display their personal access card or their Exchange issued identification badge. Non-member employees of members and
                  member firms must display their personal access cards on the upper front of their jackets with the picture side facing outward. Broker assistants
                  must also wear a badge provided by the Exchange that identifies them as broker assistants.
               B. Members are required to register and accompany their visitors and are responsible for their actions while they are on the trading floor. Visitors must
                  wear appropriate attire that is clean and presentable and are not allowed in any pit during trading hours. Visitors' overcoats, packages, umbrellas or
                  briefcases are not permitted on the trading floor.
               C. All visits by public figures to CME Group trading floors, offices and common areas must be approved and coordinated, in advance, by CME Group’s
                  Public Affairs or Government Relations Department. Public figures include government officials and representatives, domestic and foreign
                  dignitaries, politicians, celebrities, business leaders and all other high-profile individuals.
               D. Members may not request trading floor access privileges for the same visitor on more than three days of the same calendar month without the
                  permission of designated Exchange staff of the Security Department.
               E. Visitors are prohibited from soliciting employment or from acting as employees of members, member firms or the Exchange on the trading floor.
               F. No one under the age of 16 will be admitted to the trading floor during trading hours.
  II.          Conduct
               Commonly accepted standards of propriety and decorum apply to everyone on the trading floor. The following behavior, speech or actions are expressly
               prohibited on the trading floor.
               A. Possessing any weapon (including, but not limited to, firearms, knives, stun guns or pepper spray);
               B. Carrying or consuming food or drink. Individually-wrapped (non-chocolate) hard candy and gum, however, are permissible.
               C. Reckless throwing of trading cards or any other material;
               D. Excessive speed in moving around the trading floor;
               E. Use of emergency exits without proper justification;
               F. Smoking or use of tobacco products, including chewing tobacco;
               G. Use of members-only facilities by non-members;
               H. Failure to give member priority to quotation machines, news tickers, monitors and other facilities where such member priority is so designated;
               I. Engaging in any activity that is disruptive to trading;
               J. The sale or solicitation of goods or services without consent of the Exchange;
               K. Having outer coats or umbrellas on the trading floor;
               L. Use of cameras or video equipment, unless authorized by the Exchange. Flash photography, however, is never permitted.
               In addition, the following activities are prohibited anywhere on Exchange premises:
               M. Any behavior, speech or actions that are detrimental to the interests and good name of the Exchange (this includes any conduct which is a violation
                    of any local, state or federal law);
               N. Profanity, vulgarity (including wearing buttons with crude or offensive slogans or pictures) or any speech or action that tends to intimidate, degrade or
                      endanger others;
                   O. Defacing or otherwise damaging: 1) an Exchange-issued badge or jacket; 2) Exchange facilities or property; or 3) any facility or property regardless
                      of ownership;
                   P. Possessing a firearm or other weapon;
                   Q. Discarding refuse on escalators or in elevators or in hallways or lobbies; and
                   R. Harassment related to race/color, sex/gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, veteran status, national origin and disability/medical condition is
                      expressly prohibited.
      III.         Appearance
                   A. All apparel should be neat, clean, presentable and in keeping with the businesslike atmosphere of the trading floor.
                   B. Jackets: Where required, every member, member's employee, member firm employee and Exchange trading floor employee must wear a jacket
                      provided by the Exchange or their employer, or, in the case of members, a jacket of their own choosing. All jackets must conform to Exchange
                      standards. Guests may not wear trading jackets on the trading floor during trading hours.
                   C. Shirts: All men must wear shirts with a collar suitable for a necktie or bow tie. Shirts must be buttoned to at least the second button from the collar.
                      Golf-type shirts are permitted. Shirttails must be tucked in. Turtleneck sweaters are not allowed for men. Crewneck sweaters are allowed if a
                      conventional collar suitable for a necktie or bow tie is visible. Sweatshirts, tie-dye shirts and T-shirts are prohibited.
                   D. Shoes: Shoes must be clean, safe and not torn or frayed. The following footwear is specifically prohibited: all shoes without backs, canvas slippers,
                      moccasins, rubber boots, rubber overshoes, clogs, bedroom slippers, and shoes with platforms over 2 inches. All shoes must be tied with laces or
                      appropriately fastened.
                   E. Pants: The following pants are specifically prohibited: blue jeans, shorts and sweat pants. Tight-fitting stretch pants are allowed only when worn with
                      blouse or shirt at mid-thigh or lower.
                   F. Skirts and dresses: Skirts and dresses must reach mid-thigh or lower.
                   G. Headwear: All headgear or head coverings are prohibited, except for religious or medical reasons.
                   H. Miscellaneous: The following are specifically prohibited: sunglasses, ornaments, pendants or similar items that are distracting or unbusinesslike.
                      Clothing or accessories that draw unusual attention will be deemed unbusinesslike and not permitted on the trading floor.
      IV.          Drug and Alcohol Abuse
                 In order to maintain a safe, healthful, and productive working environment, the Exchange has established the following policy prohibiting drug and alcohol
                 use on Exchange premises.
                 The following activities are prohibited and may result in disciplinary action, including immediate and permanent bar of access to Exchange premises:
                 A. Possession of open containers or use of alcohol, except as expressly authorized by the Exchange.
                 B. Being under the influence of alcohol on Exchange premises.
                 C. Use, sale, purchase, transfer, or possession of any illegal drug on Exchange premises.
                 D. Failure on the part of non-members to submit to a reasonable search by authorized Exchange personnel of lunch boxes, bags, parcels, packages,
                      purses, briefcases, pockets or coats, etc.
      Members and Member Firms are responsible for their employees’ strict adherence to these requirements.
QUOTATION CHANGES
 I.   GENERAL PROCEDURES
 A.   Corrections requested up to 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly occurred: Changes must be authorized by a member of the Pit
      Committee or an Exchange Official.
 B.   Corrections requested more than 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly occurred: Changes must be authorized by:
      1. 15-30 Minutes: A member of the Pit Committee and one Exchange Official.
      2. Over 30 Minutes: A member of the Pit Committee, a member of the Floor Conduct Committee and a Senior Exchange Official.
 C.   Unanimous Approval Required: Unanimous approval among the individuals participating in the quote change consideration is required to effectuate the requested
      change. In the absence of unanimity, the proposed quote adjustment shall not be made.
       D. A request for a quote change which results in a new high or low for the day must be made within 5 minutes (futures) or 10 minutes (options) of the time the bid, offer or
          trade occurred or reportedly occurred.
          A request for a quote change which affects an established opening range must be made within 15 minutes after the posting of the range, or, in the case of a request for
          a quote change which affects an established closing range, within 10 minutes of the posting of the closing range. Such requests shall be considered by a member of
          the Pit Committee, a Floor Conduct Committee member and a Senior Exchange Official. Failure to make such a timely request will bar consideration of the quote
          change. The time limitations described in this Section D will not apply in the case of options strikes or futures contracts deemed by a Senior Exchange Official to be
          inactive or illiquid or in the case of a fast market designation. These requests may be considered by a member of the Pit Committee, a Floor Conduct Committee
          member and a Senior Exchange Official at any time during the same day’s trading session.
       E A decision to adjust a quote must be made within 15 minutes after a quote change request has been made. However, in the event a fast market has been declared
          while the quote adjustment is under consideration, the period for consideration may continue for 15 minutes after the end of the fast market. To the extent practicable,
          quote change adjustments shall be announced to the pit.
       F. Reconsideration: Once a request for a particular quote change has been resolved, or if no decision is reached within the allotted time pursuant to paragraph 5 above,
          a subsequent request for reconsideration involving the original quote or adjustment may be considered if a Senior Exchange Official deems that new relevant
          information pertaining to the original request is now available. Such request for reconsideration must be considered by the same individuals who ruled on, or failed to
          reach a timely resolution of, the original request. In the event one or more of the individuals who participated in the consideration of the original quote change request
          is unavailable to consider the request for reconsideration, a Senior Exchange Official shall designate a substitute. However, this reconsideration process may not be
          utilized for a correction involving a quote change which results in a new high or low for the day, with the exception of option strikes or futures contracts deemed by a
          Senior Exchange Official to be inactive or illiquid, or in declared fast markets.
       G. Requests for Next Day Corrections
          If an outright options or options spread or combination quote has been inadvertently omitted from the price reporting system and such omission is not discovered until
          after the trading session, trades may be allowed to clear at the omitted price at any time prior to the opening of the affected market the next day, provided that all of the
          following requirements are satisfied:
          1. The parties to the trade can reasonably show that they properly reported the trade price and had a reasonable basis for believing that the trade price would be
                posted;
          2. The parties to the trade produce documentation of: a) the contemporaneous recordation of the trade; b) the confirmation of the trade to the customer of the
                member firm representing the order; and c) the submission of the trade to the Exchange Clearing House and its failure to clear the trade due to a price edit;
          3. The change is authorized by a Senior Exchange Official; and
          4. The change is documented pursuant to Section II.B below.
II.    DOCUMENTATION NEEDED FOR QUOTATION CHANGES
       A. In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.A., a record shall be made of all committee members or Exchange employees approving the quote
          change and the change will be recorded on Time and Sales.
       B. In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.B.1., a hard copy record of the quote change shall be made by Exchange staff. The individuals approving
          the change shall promptly sign the record. The record shall be time-stamped upon request and again upon approval and shall include the reason for the change, and,
          in the case of a quote change requested pursuant to Section I.B.2., the reason for the delay. For all approved quotation changes other than next day corrections
          pursuant to Section I.G above, the quotation change will be recorded on Time and Sales.
III.   CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
       No individual may authorize any quotation change, insertion or cancellation if such individual has a personal or financial interest in such change, insertion or cancellation.
IV.    AUTHORITY OF SENIOR EXCHANGE OFFICIALS WITH RESPECT TO QUOTATION CHANGES
       Senior Exchange Officials may review and authorize any request for a quotation change in circumstances where the individuals specified in Sections I and II are otherwise
       not available or where the change is not encompassed by Section I or II. Notwithstanding the procedures set forth in Sections I and II, Senior Exchange Officials are
       empowered to authorize or deny any requested change only in circumstances where such action is necessary to ensure the integrity or promote the orderly functioning of
       the market. Such decisions by Senior Exchange Officials shall be documented and signed by the Senior Exchange Official and except for next day corrections pursuant to
       Section I.G above, the quotation change will be recorded on Time and Sales.
POSITION LIMIT, POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTABLE LEVEL TABLE


                                                FIRST       SECOND
                                                SCALE-      SCALE-                      ALL        POSITION REPORT REPORT
                                                DOWN SPOT   DOWN SPOT SPOT    SINGLE    MONTHS     ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
   CONTRACT NAME                        OPTIONS MONTH       MONTH     MONTH   MONTH     COMBINED   ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL
   CME Foreign Exchange
   Australian Dollar                    Y                                                          6,000 (A)    200   ***200
   Australian Dollar/Canadian Dollar                                                               6,000        25
   Australian Dollar/Japanese Yen                                                                  6,000        25
   Australian Dollar/New Zealand                                                                   6,000        25
   Brazilian Real                       Y                                     *24,000   *40,000                 25    25
   British Pound                        Y                                                          10,000 (A)   200   ***200
   British Pound/Japanese Yen                                                                      6,000        25
   British Pound/Swiss Franc                                                                       6,000        25
   Canadian Dollar                      Y                                                          6,000 (A)    200   ***200
   Canadian Dollar/Japanese Yen                                                                    6,000        25
   U.S. Dollar /Chilean Peso
    (Cleared OTC Equivalents)****                                    20,000                        6,000        25
   U.S. Dollar Mexican Peso (Cleared
                                                                     20,000                        6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Brazilian Real
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)                                                  24,000    40,000                  NA
   U.S. Dollar/Polish Zloty (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Russian Ruble
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)                                          2,000             10,000                  NA
   British Pound/U.S. Dollar (Cleared
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Canadian Dollar
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Japanese Yen
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Swiss Franc (Cleared
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   Australian Dollar/U.S. Dollar
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   New Zealand Dollar/U.S. Dollar
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/South African Rand
                                                                     5,000                         6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   Euro/U.S. Dollar (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Norwegian Krone
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Swedish Krona
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Czech Koruna (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Hungarian Forint
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Israeli Shekel (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Turkish Lira (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Danish Krone (Cleared
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)****
   Euro/British Pounds (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   Equivalents)
   Euro/Japanese Yen (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   Equivalents)
   Euro/Swiss Franc (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   Equivalents)
   Canadian Dollar/Japanese Yen
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   Euro/ Australian Dollar (Cleared
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   Australian Dollar/Japanese Yen                                                                  6,000        NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)
U.S. Dollar/Hong Kong Dollar
                                                              6,000         NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)****
U.S. Dollar/Singapore Dollar
                                         5,000                6,000         NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)****
U.S. Dollar/Thailand Baht (Cleared
                                         2,000                6,000         NA
OTC Equivalents)****
U.S. Dollar/Colombian Peso
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Peruvian Nuevo Sol
                                         20,000               6,000         NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)****
U.S Dollar /Korean Won
 (Cleared OTC Equivalents)               20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Indian Rupee
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/MalaysianRinggit
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Indonesian Rupiah
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Taiwan Dollar
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Phillipines Peso
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Chinese Renminbi
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                2,000                6,000         NA
USD/RMB (CNY) (Aggregate into            2,000 &
RMB/USD)                                 (A)                  6,000 & (A)
Chinese Renminbi (RMB)/Euro FX Y         2,000                6,000         25    25
Chinese Renminbi (RMB)/
Japanese Yen                   Y         2,000                6,000         25    25
Chinese Renminbi (RMB)/US
Dollar                         Y         2,000                6,000         25    25
Czech Koruna                         Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Dow Jones CME FX$INDEX                                        6,000         25
E-micro FX (each currency pair)                               (A)           250
E-mini Euro FX                                                20,000 (A)    25
E-mini Japanese Yen                                           20,000 (A)    25
Euro FX                              Y                        10,000 (A)    200   ***200
EUR/USD 3-Month Realized
Volatility futures                                            5,000         25
EUR/USD 1-Month Realized
Volatility futures                                            5,000         25
Euro FX/Australian Dollar                                     6,000         25
Euro FX/British Pound                Y                        6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Canadian Dollar                                       6,000         25
Euro FX/Czech Koruna                 Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Hungarian Forint             Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Japanese Yen                 Y                        6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Norwegian Krone                                       6,000         25
Euro FX/Polish Zloty                 Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Swedish Krona                                         6,000         25
Euro FX/Swiss Franc                  Y                        6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Turkish Lira                     2,000                6,000         25
Hungarian Forint                     Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Israeli Shekel                       Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Japanese Yen                         Y                        10,000 (A)    200   ***200
Korean Won                           Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Mexican Peso                         Y   **20,000             6,000         25    25
New Zealand Dollar                   Y                        6,000         25    25
Norwegian Krone                                               6,000         25
Polish Zloty                         Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Russian Ruble                        Y   2,000      *10,000                 25    25
South African Rand                    Y                                           5,000                                6,000             25         25
Swedish Krona                                                                                                          6,000             25         25
Swiss Franc                           Y                                                                                10,000 (A)        200        ***200
Swiss Franc/Japanese Yen                                                                                               6,000             25
Turkish Lira                                                                      2,000                                6,000             25
*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

** Mexican Peso spot month position limits go into effect beginning on the third business day prior to the termination of trading day.

***For those foreign exchange options products showing a reportable level of 200 contracts, that level is applicable solely to quarterly and serial American
style premium quoted options in those products. All other foreign exchange options, including weekly American style premium quoted options, European
style premium quoted options and volatility quoted options maintain a reportable level of 25 contracts.
(A) Full-size IMM Futures Equivalents: Futures, options on futures, e-mini futures and e-micro futures shall be aggregated to the standard full-sized CME
Group FX contract regardless of quoting convention. Products that are denominated in a base currency differing from that of the full-sized contract will be
converted into common terms using the prior day’s settlement, and the resulting notional value translated into full-sized contract equivalents.

****For purposes of Position Accountability and Position Limits, notional value in the cleared only product will be converted to contract units, whereby,
notional 100,000 U.S. dollars will equal one contract equivalent. Spot month position limits will be calculated based upon contract equivalents for cleared
transactions which are settled in the spot period between the second and third Wednesdays (inclusive) during the months of March, June, September and
December.



                                          FIRST                SECOND
                                          SCALE-               SCALE-                 ALL                           POSITION REPORT REPORT
                                          DOWN SPOT            DOWN SPOT SPOT  SINGLE MONTHS                        ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
CONTRACT NAME                     OPTIONS MONTH                MONTH     MONTH MONTH COMBINED                       ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL
CME Equity Index
E-mini Nasdaq Biotech Stock
Index                                                                                               *10,000                         25
E-mini Nasdaq Composite Index                                                                       *25,000                         25
E-mini Nasdaq-100                 Y                                                                 10,000 (B)                      25         25
E-mini S&P 500                    Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      100        100
E-mini S&P 500 End of Mo.
Options                           Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                                 100
E-mini S&P MidCap 400             Y                                                                 5,000 (B)                       25         25
Eurozone Harmonized Index                                                                           *5,000                          25
Nasdaq-100                        Y                                                                 10,000 (B)                      25         25
Nikkei 225                        Y                                                                 *5,000                          50         50
Nikkei 225 (JPY)                  Y                                                                 *5,000                          25         25
S&P 500                           Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      100        100
S&P 500 American Flex Options Y                                                                     20,000 (C)                                 25
S&P 500 End of Mo. Options        Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                                 100
S&P 500 European Flex Options Y                                                                     20,000 (C)                                 25
S&P 500 Growth                    Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      25         25
S&P 500 Value                     Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      25         25
S&P MidCap 400                    Y                                                                 5,000 (B)                       25         25
S&P SmallCap 600                                                                                    25,000 (B)                      25
E-mini SmallCap 600               Y                                                                 25,000 (B)                      25         25
E-mini FTSE Xinhua China 25                                                                         *5,000                          25
E-mini S&P CNX Nifty                                                                                5,000(B)                        25
E-micro S&P CNX Nifty                                                                               5,000 (B)                       25
Custom Index / SGI WISE US
                                                                                                    *5,000                          25
TOP
Custom Index / SGI WISE US
                                                                                                    *5,000                          25
BOTTOM
Custom Index / SGI WISE US
                                                                                                    *5,000                          25
Long/Short
E-mini Consumer Staples Select
Sector Index                                                                                        12,500                          25
E-mini Energy Select Sector
Index                                                                                               12,500                          25
E-mini Financial Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Health Care Select
Sector Index                                                                                         12,500                        25
E-mini Industrial Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Materials Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Technology Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Utilities Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
Lehman Brothers US Aggregate
Index                           Y                                                                    *5,000                        25          25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

(A) No more than the specified number of futures contracts net long or net short during the last five days of an expiring contract month.

(B) This is an aggregate position limit and is the specified number of futures or futures equivalent contracts net long or net short in all contract months
combined. For the purpose of aggregation, one big futures contract shall be deemed equivalent to five E-Mini futures contracts or E-micro futures
contracts as applicable to the product.
(C) This is an aggregate position limit in Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Price Index (S&P 500) futures and options, S&P 500 Growth futures, S&P 500
Value futures, and E-Mini S&P 500 futures and options, and is the specified number of S&P 500 futures or futures equivalent contracts net long or net
short in all contract months combined. For purpose of aggregation: One S&P 500 futures contract shall be deemed equivalent to one S&P 500 Growth
futures contract plus one S&P 500 Value futures contract. One S&P 500 futures contract shall be deemed equivalent to five E-Mini S&P 500 futures
contracts.


                                                FIRST
                                                SCALE-    SECOND                             POSITION REPORT  REPORT
                                                DOWN SPOT SCALE-DOWN SPOT  SINGLE ALL MONTHS ACCOUNT ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
CONTRACT NAME                     OPTIONS       MONTH     SPOT MONTH MONTH MONTH COMBINED -ABILITY LEVEL      LEVEL
CME Interest Rate
13 Week Treasury Bill             Y                                             15%                  5,000 (A)                   100           100
3 Month Eurodollar                Y                                                                                 10,000 (B) 850             850
3 Month OIS                       Y                                                                                 10,000 (D) 25              50
                                                                                                                     100,000
3 Month Eurodollar -E-Mini                                                                                          (C)        25
Euroyen                           Y                                                                  *5,000                      25            25
Mid-Curve Eurodollar Options      Y                                                                                 10,000 (B)                 25
One Month Eurodollar              Y                                                                                 5,000        100           100
10-Year Sovereign Yield Spread                                                                                      3,500        25
3-Month Euribor                   Y                                                                                 10,000 (B) 850             850
Euribor Mid-Curve Options         Y                                                                                 10,000 (B)                 25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

(A) No more than the specified number of contracts net long or net short in all contract months combined, except that in no event shall own or control
more than the numbers of contracts that correspond to fifteen percent of the announced auction amount of the 91-day U.S. Treasury Bill auction to which
the contract settles in the lead month on or after the day two days prior to the delivery day.

(B) Net Futures Equivalent Positions are combined across Eurodollar, Eurodollar E-mini, and Mid-Curve futures and options to determine Position
Accountability. Net Futures Equivalent Positions are combined across Three-Month Euribor futures and options and Euribor Mid-Curve options to
determine Position Accountability.

(C) 100,000 net long or short but 10,000 net futures equivalents and is combined with ED, E-mini ED, and Mid-Curves.

(D) Net Futures Equivalent Positions are combined across OIS futures and options to determine Position Accountability.
                                         FIRST
                                         SCALE-    SECOND                  ALL                                  POSITION REPORT REPORT
                                         DOWN SPOT SCALE-DOWN SPOT  SINGLE MONTHS                               ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
CONTRACT NAME                    OPTIONS MONTH     SPOT MONTH MONTH MONTH COMBINED                              ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL

CME Commodities
Cash-Settled Butter              Y                                          100       *500                                   25          25
Class III Milk                   Y                                                    *1,500                                 25          25
Class IV Milk                    Y                                                    *1,000                                 25          25
Dry Whey                         Y                                          200       *1,000                                 25          25
Feeder Cattle                    Y                                          300       *1,950                                 25          25
S&P GSCI                         Y                                                              *18,000                      25          25
S&P GSCI ER Index                                                                               *45,000                      25
S&P GSCI ER Index swaps                                                                                         10,000       1
S&P GSCI ER Index 2 Month
Forward Swaps                                                                                                   10,000       1
S&P GSCI ER Index 3 Month
Forward Swaps                                                                                                   10,000       1
S&P GSCI Gold Excess Return
Swaps                                                                                                           10,000       1
S&P GSCI Crude Oil Excess
Return Swaps                                                                                                    10,000       1
Lean Hogs                        Y                                          950       *4,150                                 25          25
Live Cattle                      Y              300                         450       *6,300                                 25          25
Random Length Lumber             Y                                          435       *1,000                                 25          25
Nonfat Dry Milk                  Y                                          100       *1,000                                 25          25
Northern Bleached Softwood
KP                               Y                                                    *1,000                                 25          25
Cheese                         Y                                                      *1,000                                 25          25
International Skimmed Milk
Powder                         Y                                            *500      *1,000                                 25          25
U.S. Dollar Cash Settled Crude
Palm Oil                                                                    500       1,000                                  25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.




                                                                SECOND
                                                                SCALE-                                                               REPORT
                                                FIRST           DOWN                             ALL               POSITION REPORT ABLE
                                                SCALE-DOWN      SPOT        SPOT          SINGLE MONTHS            ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT OPT
CONTRACT NAME                    OPTIONS        SPOT MONTH      MONTH       MONTH         MONTH COMBINED           ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL
CME Weather, Housing and Nonfarm Payroll
Housing Index                    Y                                                                 5,000 (A)                      25          25
Weather                          Y                                                                 *10,000                        25          25
CME Hurricane Index              Y                                                                                 10,000         25          25
WRS Hurricane Risk Landfall      Y                                                                                 10,000                     25
Nonfarm Payroll                  Y                                                                 *5,000                         25          25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

(A) No more than the specified number of contracts net long or net short in any single CME Metro Area Housing Index futures contract or its composite
index in all contract months combined.
POSITION LIMIT, POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTABLE LEVEL TABLE


                                                FIRST       SECOND
                                                SCALE-      SCALE-                      ALL        POSITION REPORT REPORT
                                                DOWN SPOT   DOWN SPOT SPOT    SINGLE    MONTHS     ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
   CONTRACT NAME                        OPTIONS MONTH       MONTH     MONTH   MONTH     COMBINED   ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL
   CME Foreign Exchange
   Australian Dollar                    Y                                                          6,000 (A)    200   ***200
   Australian Dollar/Canadian Dollar                                                               6,000        25
   Australian Dollar/Japanese Yen                                                                  6,000        25
   Australian Dollar/New Zealand                                                                   6,000        25
   Brazilian Real                       Y                                     *24,000   *40,000                 25    25
   British Pound                        Y                                                          10,000 (A)   200   ***200
   British Pound/Japanese Yen                                                                      6,000        25
   British Pound/Swiss Franc                                                                       6,000        25
   Canadian Dollar                      Y                                                          6,000 (A)    200   ***200
   Canadian Dollar/Japanese Yen                                                                    6,000        25
   U.S. Dollar /Chilean Peso
    (Cleared OTC Equivalents)****                                    20,000                        6,000        25
   U.S. Dollar Mexican Peso (Cleared
                                                                     20,000                        6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Brazilian Real
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)                                                  24,000    40,000                  NA
   U.S. Dollar/Polish Zloty (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Russian Ruble
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)                                          2,000             10,000                  NA
   British Pound/U.S. Dollar (Cleared
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Canadian Dollar
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Japanese Yen
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Swiss Franc (Cleared
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   Australian Dollar/U.S. Dollar
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   New Zealand Dollar/U.S. Dollar
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/South African Rand
                                                                     5,000                         6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   Euro/U.S. Dollar (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   10,000       NA
   Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Norwegian Krone
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Swedish Krona
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Czech Koruna (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Hungarian Forint
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Israeli Shekel (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S Dollar/Turkish Lira (Cleared
                                                                     2,000                         6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   U.S. Dollar/Danish Krone (Cleared
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)****
   Euro/British Pounds (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   Equivalents)
   Euro/Japanese Yen (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   Equivalents)
   Euro/Swiss Franc (Cleared OTC
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   Equivalents)
   Canadian Dollar/Japanese Yen
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   (Cleared OTC Equivalents)
   Euro/ Australian Dollar (Cleared
                                                                                                   6,000        NA
   OTC Equivalents)
   Australian Dollar/Japanese Yen                                                                  6,000        NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)
U.S. Dollar/Hong Kong Dollar
                                                              6,000         NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)****
U.S. Dollar/Singapore Dollar
                                         5,000                6,000         NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)****
U.S. Dollar/Thailand Baht (Cleared
                                         2,000                6,000         NA
OTC Equivalents)****
U.S. Dollar/Colombian Peso
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Peruvian Nuevo Sol
                                         20,000               6,000         NA
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)****
U.S Dollar /Korean Won
 (Cleared OTC Equivalents)               20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Indian Rupee
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/MalaysianRinggit
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Indonesian Rupiah
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Taiwan Dollar
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Phillipines Peso
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                20,000               6,000         NA
U.S. Dollar/Chinese Renminbi
(Cleared OTC Equivalents)                2,000                6,000         NA
USD/RMB (CNY) (Aggregate into            2,000 &
RMB/USD)                                 (A)                  6,000 & (A)
Chinese Renminbi (RMB)/Euro FX Y         2,000                6,000         25    25
Chinese Renminbi (RMB)/
Japanese Yen                   Y         2,000                6,000         25    25
Chinese Renminbi (RMB)/US
Dollar                         Y         2,000                6,000         25    25
Czech Koruna                         Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Dow Jones CME FX$INDEX                                        6,000         25
E-micro FX (each currency pair)                               (A)           250
E-mini Euro FX                                                20,000 (A)    25
E-mini Japanese Yen                                           20,000 (A)    25
Euro FX                              Y                        10,000 (A)    200   ***200
EUR/USD 3-Month Realized
Volatility futures                                            5,000         25
EUR/USD 1-Month Realized
Volatility futures                                            5,000         25
Euro FX/Australian Dollar                                     6,000         25
Euro FX/British Pound                Y                        6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Canadian Dollar                                       6,000         25
Euro FX/Czech Koruna                 Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Hungarian Forint             Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Japanese Yen                 Y                        6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Norwegian Krone                                       6,000         25
Euro FX/Polish Zloty                 Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Swedish Krona                                         6,000         25
Euro FX/Swiss Franc                  Y                        6,000         25    25
Euro FX/Turkish Lira                     2,000                6,000         25
Hungarian Forint                     Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Israeli Shekel                       Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Japanese Yen                         Y                        10,000 (A)    200   ***200
Korean Won                           Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Mexican Peso                         Y   **20,000             6,000         25    25
New Zealand Dollar                   Y                        6,000         25    25
Norwegian Krone                                               6,000         25
Polish Zloty                         Y   2,000                6,000         25    25
Russian Ruble                        Y   2,000      *10,000                 25    25
South African Rand                    Y                                           5,000                                6,000             25         25
Swedish Krona                                                                                                          6,000             25         25
Swiss Franc                           Y                                                                                10,000 (A)        200        ***200
Swiss Franc/Japanese Yen                                                                                               6,000             25
Turkish Lira                                                                      2,000                                6,000             25
*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

** Mexican Peso spot month position limits go into effect beginning on the third business day prior to the termination of trading day.

***For those foreign exchange options products showing a reportable level of 200 contracts, that level is applicable solely to quarterly and serial American
style premium quoted options in those products. All other foreign exchange options, including weekly American style premium quoted options, European
style premium quoted options and volatility quoted options maintain a reportable level of 25 contracts.
(A) Full-size IMM Futures Equivalents: Futures, options on futures, e-mini futures and e-micro futures shall be aggregated to the standard full-sized CME
Group FX contract regardless of quoting convention. Products that are denominated in a base currency differing from that of the full-sized contract will be
converted into common terms using the prior day’s settlement, and the resulting notional value translated into full-sized contract equivalents.

****For purposes of Position Accountability and Position Limits, notional value in the cleared only product will be converted to contract units, whereby,
notional 100,000 U.S. dollars will equal one contract equivalent. Spot month position limits will be calculated based upon contract equivalents for cleared
transactions which are settled in the spot period between the second and third Wednesdays (inclusive) during the months of March, June, September and
December.



                                          FIRST                SECOND
                                          SCALE-               SCALE-                 ALL                           POSITION REPORT REPORT
                                          DOWN SPOT            DOWN SPOT SPOT  SINGLE MONTHS                        ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
CONTRACT NAME                     OPTIONS MONTH                MONTH     MONTH MONTH COMBINED                       ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL
CME Equity Index
E-mini Nasdaq Biotech Stock
Index                                                                                               *10,000                         25
E-mini Nasdaq Composite Index                                                                       *25,000                         25
E-mini Nasdaq-100                 Y                                                                 10,000 (B)                      25         25
E-mini S&P 500                    Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      100        100
E-mini S&P 500 End of Mo.
Options                           Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                                 100
E-mini S&P MidCap 400             Y                                                                 5,000 (B)                       25         25
Eurozone Harmonized Index                                                                           *5,000                          25
Nasdaq-100                        Y                                                                 10,000 (B)                      25         25
Nikkei 225                        Y                                                                 *5,000                          50         50
Nikkei 225 (JPY)                  Y                                                                 *5,000                          25         25
S&P 500                           Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      100        100
S&P 500 American Flex Options Y                                                                     20,000 (C)                                 25
S&P 500 End of Mo. Options        Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                                 100
S&P 500 European Flex Options Y                                                                     20,000 (C)                                 25
S&P 500 Growth                    Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      25         25
S&P 500 Value                     Y                                                                 20,000 (C)                      25         25
S&P MidCap 400                    Y                                                                 5,000 (B)                       25         25
S&P SmallCap 600                                                                                    25,000 (B)                      25
E-mini SmallCap 600               Y                                                                 25,000 (B)                      25         25
E-mini FTSE Xinhua China 25                                                                         *5,000                          25
E-mini S&P CNX Nifty                                                                                5,000(B)                        25
E-micro S&P CNX Nifty                                                                               5,000 (B)                       25
Custom Index / SGI WISE US
                                                                                                    *5,000                          25
TOP
Custom Index / SGI WISE US
                                                                                                    *5,000                          25
BOTTOM
Custom Index / SGI WISE US
                                                                                                    *5,000                          25
Long/Short
E-mini Consumer Staples Select
Sector Index                                                                                        12,500                          25
E-mini Energy Select Sector
Index                                                                                               12,500                          25
E-mini Financial Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Health Care Select
Sector Index                                                                                         12,500                        25
E-mini Industrial Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Materials Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Technology Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
E-mini Utilities Select Sector
Index                                                                                                12,500                        25
Lehman Brothers US Aggregate
Index                           Y                                                                    *5,000                        25          25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

(A) No more than the specified number of futures contracts net long or net short during the last five days of an expiring contract month.

(B) This is an aggregate position limit and is the specified number of futures or futures equivalent contracts net long or net short in all contract months
combined. For the purpose of aggregation, one big futures contract shall be deemed equivalent to five E-Mini futures contracts or E-micro futures
contracts as applicable to the product.
(C) This is an aggregate position limit in Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Price Index (S&P 500) futures and options, S&P 500 Growth futures, S&P 500
Value futures, and E-Mini S&P 500 futures and options, and is the specified number of S&P 500 futures or futures equivalent contracts net long or net
short in all contract months combined. For purpose of aggregation: One S&P 500 futures contract shall be deemed equivalent to one S&P 500 Growth
futures contract plus one S&P 500 Value futures contract. One S&P 500 futures contract shall be deemed equivalent to five E-Mini S&P 500 futures
contracts.


                                                FIRST
                                                SCALE-    SECOND                             POSITION REPORT  REPORT
                                                DOWN SPOT SCALE-DOWN SPOT  SINGLE ALL MONTHS ACCOUNT ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
CONTRACT NAME                     OPTIONS       MONTH     SPOT MONTH MONTH MONTH COMBINED -ABILITY LEVEL      LEVEL
CME Interest Rate
13 Week Treasury Bill             Y                                             15%                  5,000 (A)                   100           100
3 Month Eurodollar                Y                                                                                 10,000 (B) 850             850
3 Month OIS                       Y                                                                                 10,000 (D) 25              50
                                                                                                                     100,000
3 Month Eurodollar -E-Mini                                                                                          (C)        25
Euroyen                           Y                                                                  *5,000                      25            25
Mid-Curve Eurodollar Options      Y                                                                                 10,000 (B)                 25
One Month Eurodollar              Y                                                                                 5,000        100           100
10-Year Sovereign Yield Spread                                                                                      3,500        25
3-Month Euribor                   Y                                                                                 10,000 (B) 850             850
Euribor Mid-Curve Options         Y                                                                                 10,000 (B)                 25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

(A) No more than the specified number of contracts net long or net short in all contract months combined, except that in no event shall own or control
more than the numbers of contracts that correspond to fifteen percent of the announced auction amount of the 91-day U.S. Treasury Bill auction to which
the contract settles in the lead month on or after the day two days prior to the delivery day.

(B) Net Futures Equivalent Positions are combined across Eurodollar, Eurodollar E-mini, and Mid-Curve futures and options to determine Position
Accountability. Net Futures Equivalent Positions are combined across Three-Month Euribor futures and options and Euribor Mid-Curve options to
determine Position Accountability.

(C) 100,000 net long or short but 10,000 net futures equivalents and is combined with ED, E-mini ED, and Mid-Curves.

(D) Net Futures Equivalent Positions are combined across OIS futures and options to determine Position Accountability.
                                         FIRST
                                         SCALE-    SECOND                  ALL                                  POSITION REPORT REPORT
                                         DOWN SPOT SCALE-DOWN SPOT  SINGLE MONTHS                               ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT ABLE OPT
CONTRACT NAME                    OPTIONS MONTH     SPOT MONTH MONTH MONTH COMBINED                              ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL

CME Commodities
Cash-Settled Butter              Y                                          100       *500                                   25          25
Class III Milk                   Y                                                    *1,500                                 25          25
Class IV Milk                    Y                                                    *1,000                                 25          25
Dry Whey                         Y                                          200       *1,000                                 25          25
Feeder Cattle                    Y                                          300       *1,950                                 25          25
S&P GSCI                         Y                                                              *18,000                      25          25
S&P GSCI ER Index                                                                               *45,000                      25
S&P GSCI ER Index swaps                                                                                         10,000       1
S&P GSCI ER Index 2 Month
Forward Swaps                                                                                                   10,000       1
S&P GSCI ER Index 3 Month
Forward Swaps                                                                                                   10,000       1
S&P GSCI Gold Excess Return
Swaps                                                                                                           10,000       1
S&P GSCI Crude Oil Excess
Return Swaps                                                                                                    10,000       1
Lean Hogs                        Y                                          950       *4,150                                 25          25
Live Cattle                      Y              300                         450       *6,300                                 25          25
Random Length Lumber             Y                                          435       *1,000                                 25          25
Nonfat Dry Milk                  Y                                          100       *1,000                                 25          25
Northern Bleached Softwood
KP                               Y                                                    *1,000                                 25          25
Cheese                         Y                                                      *1,000                                 25          25
International Skimmed Milk
Powder                         Y                                            *500      *1,000                                 25          25
U.S. Dollar Cash Settled Crude
Palm Oil                                                                    500       1,000                                  25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.




                                                                SECOND
                                                                SCALE-                                                               REPORT
                                                FIRST           DOWN                             ALL               POSITION REPORT ABLE
                                                SCALE-DOWN      SPOT        SPOT          SINGLE MONTHS            ACCOUNT- ABLE FUT OPT
CONTRACT NAME                    OPTIONS        SPOT MONTH      MONTH       MONTH         MONTH COMBINED           ABILITY  LEVEL    LEVEL
CME Weather, Housing and Nonfarm Payroll
Housing Index                    Y                                                                 5,000 (A)                      25          25
Weather                          Y                                                                 *10,000                        25          25
CME Hurricane Index              Y                                                                                 10,000         25          25
WRS Hurricane Risk Landfall      Y                                                                                 10,000                     25
Nonfarm Payroll                  Y                                                                 *5,000                         25          25

*Net futures equivalents (NFE) long or short.

(A) No more than the specified number of contracts net long or net short in any single CME Metro Area Housing Index futures contract or its composite
index in all contract months combined.
