                                        Chapter 5
                           Trading Qualifications and Practices


500.         SCOPE OF CHAPTER
             This chapter prescribes rules concerning floor access privileges, qualifications for trading
             privileges, and trading practices.

                                           FLOOR PRIVILEGES

501.         EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS
             Members shall register with the Exchange all persons whom they wish to employ on the
             trading floor. Such employees may act as runners, communicators and clerks. Such
             employees shall not be permitted to solicit customers or benefit from the production of orders.
             Such employees shall not trade or have any interest in an account trading in any NYMEX or
             COMEX futures or options contracts. Employees must wear a prescribed identification badge.
             Any member permitting trading by such employee shall be guilty of an offense against the
             Exchange. Remuneration to such employees shall be limited to salaries and normal bonuses.
             The member employer shall, upon request, provide a report to Exchange staff with respect to
             each such employee, setting forth the hours of employment, salary and bonus, and a copy of
             each employee's Internal Revenue Service W-2 Form or other documentation evidencing
             employment.
             Members shall be responsible for ensuring that their employees comply with all Exchange
             rules and may, subject to a determination by an Exchange disciplinary committee, be liable for
             any fines imposed upon such employees by the Exchange. The Exchange may, in its sole
             discretion, notify a member of the existence of an Exchange investigation and the conduct
             which is the subject of the investigation involving one of the member’s employees when the
             Market Regulation Department interviews such employee or, if no such interview occurs, when
             charges are issued against the employee by the Probable Cause Committee.
             No person shall be registered as an employee pursuant to this rule if such person is
             determined by Exchange staff not to be of good moral character or if it is determined that such
             registration may be detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange.

502.         ADMISSION TO FLOOR
             In addition to authorized employees and agents of the Exchange, only members, registered
             employees of members, permit holders and authorized visitors shall be permitted on the floor
             of the Exchange. No person may be introduced on the floor of the Exchange by a member on
             more than three days of any calendar month. Members must at all times accompany visitors
             for whom they have obtained floor access and are responsible for the conduct and actions of
             visitors for whom they have obtained floor access while such visitors are on Exchange
             premises. No privileges other than admittance to the floor may be extended to a guest. A
             guest is specifically prohibited from performing any of the functions of an employee of a
             member or member firm, entering a trading pit, placing orders, using any electronic devices or
             market display equipment and blocking aisleways or access to trading pits.

503.-504.    [RESERVED]

505.         BOOTH AND FLOOR PRIVILEGES




© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                   Page 1 of 43
             Booth space on the trading floor may be assigned only to members and member firms.
             Available booth space will be assigned by Exchange staff in accordance with the policies
             established by the Exchange and the decisions of Exchange staff regarding the assignment of
             booth space shall be final.
             Orders may be accepted at or relayed from the booth space assigned to a member or member
             firm only by the member, employees of the member or member firm and members qualified by
             the member firm.
             Notwithstanding any other rule, any member who is associated as a partner, shareholder,
             member, officer, manager, employee, or consultant with any entity or natural person that is or
             should be registered as an Introducing Broker (“IB”), Futures Commission Merchant (“FCM”),
             Commodity Trading Advisor (“CTA”) or Commodity Pool Operator (“CPO”) as those terms are
             defined in Section 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act and/or 17 C.F.R. 1.3, may not solicit
             orders of others from the floor of the Exchange unless the entity or natural person for which or
             for whom the member is soliciting orders is also a member firm or member of the Exchange.
             Additionally, IBs, FCMs, CTAs and CPOs may not operate from booth spaces on the trading
             floor unless they are member firms or wholly owned by members or member firms.

506.         HEADSET PRIVILEGES ON THE TRADING FLOOR

             506.A.       Access and Supervision
             Members and member firms are eligible to lease headsets from the Exchange for use on the
             trading floor by filing an application with the Telecommunications Department. Members and
             member firms may authorize their nonmember employees to utilize headsets subject to their
             supervision. For the purposes of this rule, a telephone in, or on the perimeter of, a trading pit
             shall be treated in the same manner as a headset.
             Members and member firms are responsible for ensuring that their nonmember employees
             who utilize headsets comply with all requirements set forth in this rule and are responsible for
             the content of their nonmember employees’ headset communications.
             506.B.       Use of Headsets
             Nonmember employees wearing a headset may communicate order and fill information, as
             well as market information that has been publicly exposed to the trading pit; however, such
             nonmember employees may not communicate their personal opinions concerning the market
             or trading activity.
             Headsets may be used to communicate between locations on the trading floor, and between
             the trading floor and off-floor locations. Headsets may be used to accept, place or relay orders
             provided that all applicable Exchange audit trail and recordkeeping requirements are met;
             however, nonmember customers may not place orders directly to the pit, and floor brokers and
             their employees may not accept such orders, unless the customer’s clearing firm, in its sole
             discretion, has specifically authorized the customer to place orders directly.

507.         ELECTRONIC DEVICES

             507.A.       General Provisions
             The use of any electronic device on the trading floor is prohibited unless such device and/or
             usage has been permitted by the Exchange. For purposes of this rule, the term “electronic
             device” shall mean any type of voice or data communications interface, including but not
             limited to a computer, headset, hand-held device, microphone or telephone. No Member (as
             defined in Rule 400) shall permit others to use any electronic device unless such use has been
             permitted by the Exchange. Members using a permitted electronic device on the trading floor
             for permissible business purposes must retain any required audit trail data in accordance with
             applicable Exchange rules and CFTC regulations.



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 2 of 43
             507.B.       Terms and Conditions of Use
             The Exchange may, in its sole discretion, impose restrictions on the use of any permitted
             electronic device by any Member. The Exchange may limit, suspend or terminate any
             Member's right to use any permitted electronic device at any time, without prior notice and
             without any liability to the Exchange.
             The Exchange shall have the right, at any time, to audit the use of any permitted electronic
             device by any Member.
             The Exchange accepts no responsibility for loss, theft or damage to any equipment permitted
             for use by a Member on Exchange premises.
             Electronic devices that are not issued by the Exchange must not interfere with any Exchange
             system.
             507.C.       Electronic Surveillance
             The Exchange may intercept and record any electronic communication received or sent from
             the trading floor to ensure compliance with Exchange Rules. Exchange members, their
             employees, and all others who are granted access to the trading floor consent, as a condition
             of their membership, employment, or access to the floor, to the interception, recording, and
             use of any such communication.
             507.D.       Personal Electronic Devices
             Unless permitted pursuant to Section A. above, personal electronic devices including, but not
             limited to, cell phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs) and other devices with email, instant
             messaging or other similar capabilities may be used on the trading floor only for non-business
             purposes.
             507.E.       Cameras and Video Equipment
             Unless expressly permissioned by the Exchange, the use of any type of camera or video
             equipment on the trading floor is prohibited.

508.         GIVING AND RECEIVING OF GRATUITIES
             A member, member firm, broker association or an employee of any of the foregoing may not
             give, directly or indirectly, to any employee of another member, member firm or broker
             association any gratuities or gifts with an aggregate market value in excess of $100 within any
             twelve-month period.
             This rule applies notwithstanding any internal policy of an entity that allows for gifts in excess
             of $100. The requirements of this rule apply to both the providers and the recipients of such
             gifts and gratuities.

509.         [RESERVED]

                           TRADING QUALIFICATIONS AND REGULATIONS

510.         REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES ON THE TRADING
             FLOOR
             All members and their employees on the trading floor shall satisfy all orientation requirements
             of the Exchange. All members seeking to act as a floor broker, floor trader, or in any other
             capacity requiring registration pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, must be registered in
             accordance with applicable CFTC regulations.
             A member shall be prohibited from engaging in activities requiring registration under the
             Commodity Exchange Act or from representing himself to be a registrant under the Commodity
             Exchange Act or the representative or agent of any registrant if such member's floor broker or
             floor trader registration is suspended by the CFTC or if the Exchange has suspended such


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 3 of 43
             member's privilege to act as a floor broker or floor trader on the Exchange.
             All members registered with the CFTC must report any changes to such status in accordance
             with applicable CFTC regulations and must promptly notify the Shareholder Relations and
             Membership Services Department of any such changes.

511.         QUALIFIED TRADERS AND BROKERS
             No member shall be permitted to execute a pit or allowable privately negotiated transaction on
             the Exchange unless he is qualified to do so by a clearing member.
             A member shall place all trades for his own account or any account which he controls, on the
             books of his qualifying clearing member unless written authorization to the contrary from said
             clearing member has been filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services
             Department. Regardless of such authorization, a member in a deficit position with any clearing
             member shall place trades only through his qualifying clearing member. Any non-qualifying
             clearing member that carries a member's account in a deficit position shall promptly notify the
             clearing member that is qualifying such member.
             All trades initiated for a member’s account, an account which he controls or an account in
             which he has a proprietary interest shall be disclosed on the books of a clearing member.
             A member who believes his qualifying clearing member is unreasonably withholding a release
             necessary to permit the member to be qualified by a different clearing member may request a
             hearing before a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“Panel”) pursuant to the
             applicable provisions of Rule 408. The Panel may, in its sole discretion, remand a dispute
             concerning the validity of a signed non-compete agreement between the parties to arbitration
             pursuant to Rule 600.A. Either party may petition the arbitration chairman for expedited
             handling of the matter pursuant to Rule 613.
             The Panel may assess attorneys’ fees and the administrative costs of the proceeding against
             one or both of the parties if it determines that a claim or defense was frivolous or filed in bad
             faith.
             511.A.       Floor Trading
             A clearing member may, without prior notice, revoke a member’s authorization to trade by
             written revocation filed with the Shareholder Relations and Membership Services Department.
             Such revocation shall be effective and the member's qualification to trade shall terminate when
             notice of the disqualification is posted on the Exchange floor. A member shall not appear upon
             the floor of the Exchange until he has been requalified. A member who has been disqualified
             shall promptly return his membership badge to the Shareholder Relations and Membership
             Services Department.
             511.B.       Globex Trading
             Unless otherwise specified by a member's qualifying clearing member, a member suspended
             from entering orders through Globex shall not be disqualified from pit trading.
             In the case of a member who has Globex access guaranteed by a clearing member other than
             his qualifying clearing member, the qualifying clearing member may terminate the member's
             ability to place orders through Globex by notifying the clearing member providing the member
             access to Globex. The clearing member providing the access to Globex will be responsible for
             ensuring that the member does not place orders through Globex.
512.         REPORTING INFRACTIONS
             512.A.       General
             All data, records and other information required by the rules to be reported to the Exchange or
             the Clearing House, as applicable, must be submitted in an accurate, complete and timely
             manner.
             512.B.       Sanctions


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 4 of 43
             1. Except as otherwise provided in Rule 536, the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee shall
             have the authority to impose summary fines on parties who have consented to the jurisdiction
             of the Exchange pursuant to Rule 418. Summary fines shall not exceed $5,000 per offense for
             individuals or $10,000 per offense for firms for the inaccurate, incomplete or untimely
             submission of data, records or information required to be submitted to the Exchange or the
             Clearing House.
             2. Individuals and firms shall have 15 days following receipt of the notice of a summary fine to
             present evidence to the Market Regulation Department that the fine should be rescinded or
             reduced. Absent the submission of such evidence within the designated time period, the fine
             shall be deemed final and may not be appealed.
             512.C.        Hearings and Appeals
             If the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee determines that evidence submitted by an
             individual or firm pursuant to Section B.2. is insufficient to support the requested rescission or
             reduction of the fine, the individual or firm may, within 10 days of the decision, file a written
             appeal with the Market Regulation Department. A written appeal that fails to specify the
             grounds for the appeal and the specific error or impropriety of the original decision shall be
             dismissed. The appeal shall be heard by a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“BCC
             Panel”) whose decision shall be final. The appellant shall be entitled to be represented by
             counsel, appear personally before the BCC Panel and present evidence that he may have in
             support of his appeal. The BCC Panel shall not set aside, modify or amend the appealed
             decision unless it determines, by a majority vote, that the decision was:
             1. Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the Exchange staff’s discretion;
             2. In excess of the Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or
             3. Based on a clearly erroneous application of Exchange rules.
             Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections B.1. and B.2. above, the Market Regulation
             Department, may, at any time, refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause
             Committee.

513.         CONDUCT, APPAREL AND BADGES
             513.A.        General
             Members and their employees are expected to conduct themselves on Exchange premises
             with dignity and integrity in order to maintain a safe workplace and the efficiency and good
             name of the Exchange. Members and their employees shall refrain from excessive speed in
             moving about the trading floors, and shall be respectful of all others on Exchange premises
             and shall abide by Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance. Members
             and their employees, while on the trading floors, shall be professionally attired in accordance
             with Exchange policy, and shall wear jackets bearing identification badges issued by the
             Exchange. Members and their employees not professionally attired in accordance with
             Exchange policy may be barred or removed from the trading floors. Refreshments and
             smoking are forbidden on the trading floors at all times.
             513.B.        Sanctions
             1.   Designated Exchange officials may impose fines on members or their employees for
                  violations of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance. Fines
                  imposed pursuant to Rule 513.B.1. are final and may not be appealed.
             2.   A fourth violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and appearance
                  within a rolling 18-month period will be subject to a $1,000 fine.
             3.   A fifth or subsequent violation of the Exchange policy concerning access, conduct, and
                  appearance within a rolling 18-month period will be referred to a summary proceeding
                  before a Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee. The Panel may impose a fine not to


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 5 of 43
                  exceed $5,000 per violation.
             4.   Notwithstanding any other provision in this Rule, the Chief Regulatory Officer shall have
                  the authority to impose a fine not to exceed $5,000 per offense on members and their
                  employees for egregious violations of Rule 513.A.
             5.   The Market Regulation Department, at its discretion, may refer any alleged violation of
                  Rule 513 to the Probable Cause Committee for consideration of charges.
             513.C.        Hearings and Appeals
             An individual fined pursuant to Rule 513.B.2., 3. or 4. may, within 10 days of the decision, file a
             written appeal with the Market Regulation Department. A written appeal that fails to specify
             the grounds for the appeal and the specific error or impropriety of the original decision shall be
             dismissed. The appeal shall be heard by a Panel of the Business Conduct Committee (“BCC
             Panel”) whose decision shall be final. The appellant shall be entitled to be represented by
             counsel, appear personally before the BCC Panel and present evidence that he may have in
             support of his appeal. The BCC Panel shall not set aside, modify or amend the appealed
             decision unless it determines, by majority vote, that the decision was:
             1. Arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s discretion;
             2. In excess of the Panel’s or Exchange staff’s authority or jurisdiction; or
             3. Based on a clearly erroneous application of Exchange rules.

514.         TRADING INFRACTIONS
             A written complaint concerning a trading infraction pursuant to Rule 514.A. may be initiated by
             members, member firms, trading floor employees of members or member firms or staff of the
             Exchange. Charges shall be issued and hearings shall be conducted for violations of this rule
             in accordance with Rule 409.
             514.A.        Definition
             The following shall constitute trading infractions:
             1. a bid or offer out of line with the market;
             2. a bid or offer which tends to confuse the other traders;
             3. a trade through the existing bid or offer;
             4. failure to confirm a transaction;
             5. failure of a buyer and seller to properly notify the pit reporter of transaction prices in
                 accordance with Rule 528 and/or failure to ascertain that such prices are properly
                 recorded;
             6. use of profane, obscene or unbusinesslike language on the trading floor;
             7. use of undue force while on, entering or leaving the trading floor;
             8. conduct which tends to confuse, distract, abuse or intimidate any Exchange employee;
             9. conduct of an unbusinesslike nature;
             10. failure to defer to a member who has clearly turned the market;
             11. failure to indicate a quantity on a bid or offer; and
             12. disseminating false, misleading or inaccurate quotes.
             514.B.        Floor Conduct Committee Fining Authority
             A Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee that finds a member or his employee guilty of
             violating Rule 514 may impose a fine of up to $10,000 per offense on such member or
             employee, except that an egregious violation of Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8. or 9. may result in a fine
             of up to $20,000. Notwithstanding the above, the total fine levied by a Panel against a
             respondent may not exceed $20,000 based on the single issuance of charges.
             If an individual is found guilty of three violations of Rule 514.A. within a rolling one-year period,


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                        Page 6 of 43
             or any three violations of Rule 514.A.6., 7., 8., and/or 9., within a rolling five-year period, any
             subsequent alleged violation under Part A. of this rule within such period shall be reviewed by
             the Market Regulation Department to determine whether to forward the alleged violation to a
             Panel of the Floor Conduct Committee for adjudication or to investigate and refer the matter to
             the Probable Cause Committee for review. Notwithstanding the above, the Market Regulation
             Department may, at any time, refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause
             Committee.

515.         REGISTRATION AND IDENTIFICATION OF BROKER ASSOCIATIONS
             515.A.          Definitions
             1.   Floor Brokerage Activity - The execution or pre-execution handling of orders on the trading
                  floor.
             2.   Broker Association - A broker association shall include the following associations between
                  two or more members with trading floor access privileges, at least one of whom is
                  engaged in floor brokerage activity:
                  a.   Revenue Sharing Association: Associations between members who:
                       i.    share profits or losses associated with their brokerage and/or error account
                             activity; and/or
                       ii.   have an employer and employee relationship which relates to floor brokerage
                             activity;
                  b.   Non-Revenue Sharing Association: Associations between members who:
                       i.    regularly share a deck of orders; and/or
                       ii.   share employee salary expenses.
                  c.   Any other group or combination deemed by the Exchange to be a broker association.
             3.   Principal of a Revenue Sharing Association – Each individual who has formal or de facto
                  control over the affairs of, or has a ten percent or greater ownership interest in, a Revenue
                  Sharing Association not owned by a clearing member firm.
             4.   Spokesperson of a Non-Revenue Sharing Association and Revenue Sharing Associations
                  owned by a clearing member firm – An individual authorized to represent a Non-Revenue
                  Sharing Association or Clearing Firm owned Revenue Sharing Association in connection
                  with its registration obligations set forth in Section B.
             5.   Investor – An individual who has a direct beneficial interest in a Revenue Sharing
                  Association but is not a principal as defined in A.3. above.
             515.B.          Registration Requirements
             1.   A member of a broker association shall not handle or execute an order unless that
                  association has registered with the Exchange.
             2.   Members or Member Firms must have majority ownership interest in any broker
                  association.
             3.   Principals involved in floor brokerage activity must have trading privileges in the
                  membership division required for access to the products handled by the members of the
                  association. Principals who are not involved in floor brokerage activity must own a
                  membership in the membership division required for access to the products handled by
                  the members of the association. Notwithstanding the above, principals not regularly
                  involved in floor brokerage activity may hold a membership in any division in
                  circumstances where the association is owned by a Member Firm and such Member Firm



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 7 of 43
                  owns a membership in the membership division required for access to the products
                  handled by the members of the association.
             4.   No registered broker association or member thereof shall permit a party to have any direct
                  or indirect profit or ownership interest in a broker association unless such party is
                  registered in the association in accordance with this rule.
             5.   Registration shall be accomplished by filing the appropriate registration forms with the
                  Market Regulation Department.
             6.   It shall be the responsibility of the broker association and its principals or spokespersons
                  to ensure that the association is properly registered. Any additions, deletions or other
                  changes to the information already reported must be provided to the Market Regulation
                  Department within two business days after the event giving rise to such changes.
             7.   The Exchange may request any additional information from a broker association as
                  deemed appropriate.
             515.C.        Prohibition on Sharing of Personal Trading Profits
             Registrants in a broker association may not share profits or losses associated with their
             personal trading activity by direct or indirect means, except for profits and losses related to
             brokerage errors.
             515.D.        Supervision
             Each principal of a Revenue Sharing Association must diligently supervise the association’s
             member registrants and non-member employees and may be held directly liable for violations
             of any rule of the Exchange by such registrants and employees. Regardless of whether the
             principal is held responsible for the act or acts constituting the violation, each principal is jointly
             liable for the payment of any fines assessed against another principal, registrant or employee
             of the association provided that the violation occurred while that person was functioning in his
             capacity with the association.
             515.E.        Trading Restrictions
             The Exchange may impose limits on the percentage of personal trading and/or brokerage
             volume that members of a broker association may execute with one another. Violations of
             such restrictions will result in summary action according to the following schedule on a rolling
             24 month period:
             First Occurrence                  Letter of Warning
             Second Occurrence                 $1,000 fine
             Third Occurrence                  $5,000 fine
             Subsequent Occurrence             $10,000 fine
             The Exchange may restrict a member of a Revenue Sharing Association from trading for any
             account such member owns, controls or in which such member has a financial interest
             opposite other members of the association executing orders. Violation of such restrictions will
             result in summary action according to the following schedule on a rolling 24 month period:
             First Occurrence                  Letter of Warning
             Second Occurrence                 $500 fine
             Third Occurrence                  $1,000 fine
             Subsequent Occurrence             $5,000 fine
             Actions taken pursuant to this section are final and may not be appealed; however members
             will have 15 days following receipt of notification of the action to present evidence to the


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                          Page 8 of 43
             Market Regulation Department that administrative, clerical or other errors caused the apparent
             rule violation.
             Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any
             time, refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.

516.         ERROR ACCOUNTS
             Each member who acts as a floor broker must maintain a designated error account with his
             qualifying clearing member into which he places brokerage errors. This requirement shall not
             apply to a floor broker who initiates trades or enters orders solely on behalf of a member firm’s
             proprietary account.
             Each qualifying clearing member which carries an error account agrees, without qualification,
             to accept and clear the broker’s trades involving brokerage errors.

517.- 519. [RESERVED]

                                           TRADING PRACTICES

520.         TRADING CONFINED TO EXCHANGE FACILITIES
             All trading in Exchange products must occur on or through Exchange facilities and in
             accordance with Exchange rules.

521.         REQUIREMENTS FOR OPEN OUTCRY TRADES
             In open outcry trading, bidding and offering practices must at all times be conducive to the
             competitive execution of transactions. All open outcry transactions, including spread and
             combination transactions, shall be made openly and competitively in the pit designated for the
             trading of the particular transaction. No bid or offer shall be specified for acceptance by a
             particular trader. Transactions may take place only at the best price available in the open
             outcry market at the time the trade occurs.
             It shall be the duty of both traders to confirm their trades as to the price, quantity, commodity,
             contract month, and, for options, strike price, put or call and expiration month. Confirmation
             shall take place as soon as possible, but in no event more than 15 minutes after the trade.

522.         ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS AND OFFERS
             In open outcry and electronic trading, while outstanding, all or any part of any bid or offer is
             subject to immediate acceptance by any trader. Members are required to honor all bids or
             offers which have not been withdrawn from the market. The price at which a trade is executed
             shall be binding, unless such trade is cancelled by Exchange officials in accordance with
             Exchange rules.
523.         [RESERVED]

524.         TRADING AT SETTLEMENT (“TAS”), TRADING AT MARKER (“TAM”) AND
             MATCHED ORDER (“MO”) TRANSACTIONS
             The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during
             which TAS, TAM and MO transactions shall be permitted.
             524.A.        Trading at Settlement (“TAS”) Transactions

             The following shall govern TAS transactions:




© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 9 of 43
             1. TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to
             the requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular
             contract and must be identified as such on the member’s trading records.
             2. TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available
             for TAS trading on Globex and during each TAS contract’s prescribed pre-open time period.
             The initiation of any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
             3. TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant
             to the requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last
             day of trading in an expiring contract.
             4. TAS transactions may be executed at the current day’s settlement price or at any valid
             price increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
             524.B.       Trading at Marker (“TAM”) Transactions

             The following shall govern TAM transactions:

             1. TAM orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available
             for TAM trading on Globex and during each TAM contract’s prescribed pre-open time period.
             The initiation of any TAM order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.

             2. TAM-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant
             to the requirements of Rule 526.

             3. TAM transactions may be executed at the current day’s applicable marker price or at any
             valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower than the applicable marker price.

             524.C.       Matched Order (“MO”) Transactions
             MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where
             the price of the trade is that day’s settlement price for the contract.
             The following shall govern MO transactions:
             1.   Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post
                  close session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as
                  an MO and such instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be
                  executed during the closing period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed
                  as an MO or specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An order specifically
                  designated for execution only as an MO must be designated as such at the time the order
                  is placed.
             2.   Members must identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record.

525.         [RESERVED]

526.         BLOCK TRADES
             The Exchange shall designate the products in which block trades shall be permitted and
             determine the minimum quantity thresholds for such transactions. The following shall govern
             block trades:
             A.   A block trade must be for a quantity that is at or in excess of the applicable minimum
                  threshold. Orders may not be aggregated in order to achieve the minimum transaction
                  size, except by those entities described in Sections I. and J.


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                 Page 10 of 43
             B.   Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined
                  in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
             C.   A member shall not execute any order by means of a block trade for a customer unless
                  such customer has specified that the order be executed as a block trade.
             D.   The price at which a block trade is executed must be fair and reasonable in light of (i) the
                  size of the block trade, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract
                  at the relevant time, (iii) the prices and sizes of transactions in other relevant markets,
                  including without limitation the underlying cash market or related futures markets, at the
                  relevant time, and (iv) the circumstances of the markets or the parties to the block trade.
             E.   Block trades shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or
                  otherwise affect orders in the regular market.
             F.   Unless otherwise agreed to by the principal counterparties to the block trade, the seller,
                  or, in the case of a brokered transaction, the broker handling the block trade, must ensure
                  that each block trade is reported to the Exchange within five minutes of the time of
                  execution in the following futures products: Brent Crude Financial, Brent Crude Oil Last
                  Day Financial, Light Sweet Crude Oil, Gulf Coast Sour Crude Oil, NY Harbor ULSD, Henry
                  Hub Natural Gas, RBOB Gasoline, Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton, No. 11 Sugar, Gold, Silver and
                  Copper. In all other block-eligible products, the seller must ensure that each block trade is
                  reported to the Exchange within fifteen minutes of the time of execution. The report must
                  include the contract, contract month, price, quantity of the transaction, the respective
                  clearing members, the time of execution, and, for options, strike price, put or call and
                  expiration month. The Exchange shall promptly publish such information separately from
                  the reports of transactions in the regular market.
             G. Block trades must be reported to the Clearing House in accordance with an approved
                reporting method.
             H.   Clearing members and members involved in the execution of block trades must maintain a
                  record of the transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
             I.   A commodity trading advisor ("CTA") registered or exempt from registration under the Act,
                  including, without limitation, any investment adviser registered or exempt from registration
                  under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of
                  Sections A., B., C., and D., provided such advisors have total assets under management
                  exceeding $25 million and the block trade is suitable for the customers of such advisors.
             J.   A foreign Person performing a similar role or function to a CTA or investment adviser as
                  described in Section I, and subject as such to foreign regulation, shall be the applicable
                  entity for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and D., provided such Persons have total assets
                  under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is suitable for the
                  customers of such Persons.

527.         OUTTRADES, ERRORS AND MISHANDLING OF ORDERS
             527.A.        Outtrades Discovered During a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
             It shall be the duty of a member discovering an outtrade during a Regular Trading Hours
             session to immediately notify the opposite trader. Thereafter, if the matter cannot be resolved
             between the parties, they shall immediately determine who will cover the trade and the trade
             shall immediately be covered.
             527.B.        Outtrades Discovered After a Regular Trading Hours Trading Session
             A clearing member that is unable with diligent effort to resolve an outtrade with another
             clearing member shall notify the member who executed the trade. Such notice shall be given
             prior to the following day’s Regular Trading Hours session in sufficient time to allow the
             member to make provisions for the resolution of the outtrade.


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 11 of 43
             Outtrades discovered after a Regular Trading Hours session shall be resolved between the
             parties to the outtrade as provided in this rule, no later than the opening of trading of the next
             Regular Trading Hours session.
             527.C.        Outtrades Resolution
             To resolve an outtrade, the parties shall attempt to agree upon: (1) the reconciliation of any
             discrepancy in the terms of the trade, (2) which party will cover the trade and the method for
             covering the trade, if applicable, and (3) the apportionment of the financial results of the
             outtrade. In the event the parties are unable to agree on the apportionment of the financial
             results, the parties must nevertheless immediately reconcile the outtrade. Outtrades shall
             clear in accordance with the seller’s recorded terms unless the parties to the outtrade agree to
             break the trade or agree to accept the trade in accordance with the buyer’s recorded terms.
             The price at the time of the open of the next Regular Trading Hours session shall fix the limit of
             liability as a result of the outtrade. Regardless of the ultimate determination of financial
             responsibility for the outtrade, a party who unreasonably refuses to cover the outtrade via an
             appropriate alternate market may be liable to the other party for the difference between the
             price at which the outtrade could have been covered in the alternate market and the price at
             the time of the open of the next Regular Trading Hours session.
             Outtrades shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures below:
             1.   Straight Out Customer Outtrades
                  If a floor broker discovers that all or some portion of a customer order was executed but
                  cannot be cleared, the broker shall either 1) re-execute the order in the market and adjust
                  the customer by check if the re-execution price is worse than the original execution price,
                  or, if the re-execution price is better than the original execution price, the customer is
                  entitled to the better price or 2) assign the opposite side of the portion that cannot be
                  cleared to his error account and assign a fill to the customer at the execution price. The
                  floor broker shall not liquidate the assigned position until at least ten minutes have
                  elapsed after the execution of the order giving rise to the outtrade; however, these
                  liquidation restrictions shall not apply to a liquidation during the post close session. Any
                  profits or losses resulting from the liquidation of the assigned position belong to the floor
                  broker and any such profits may be retained or disbursed at his discretion.
                  A floor broker who assigns the opposite side of an order pursuant to this rule shall: 1)
                  clearly identify all such transactions by appropriate designation; 2) submit such trade
                  information to his qualifying clearing member in sufficient time to enable the clearing
                  member to submit the trade for the next intra-day reconciliation; 3) document in writing the
                  circumstances surrounding any such transaction and promptly provide such
                  documentation to the Market Regulation Department upon request; and 4) identify the
                  subsequent liquidation of the assigned trade on the floor broker’s trading card or other
                  document.


             2.   Price Outtrades
                  When an outtrade exists due to a price discrepancy, members making the trade may
                  choose to resolve the discrepancy by electing either of the two prices in question, if they
                  agree that the trade was executed at that price.
                  If the members cannot agree on the price of execution, the price recorded by the seller
                  shall be used to clear the trade.
             3.   Quantity Outtrades
                  When an outtrade exists due to a quantity discrepancy, members making the trade may
                  choose to resolve the discrepancy by electing either of the two quantities in question, if
                  they agree that the trade was executed for that quantity.
                  If the members cannot agree on the quantity that was executed, the quantity recorded by



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 12 of 43
                  the seller shall be used to clear the trade.
                  A broker may assign the opposite side of any quantity which he believes that he has
                  executed, but which cannot be cleared, to his error account, pursuant to Section 1 above.
             4.   Bona Fide Contract Month, Strike, Put vs. Call and Side of Market (Buy vs. Buy or Sell vs.
                  Sell) Outtrades
                  When an outtrade exists due to a contract month, strike price, side of market, or put/call
                  discrepancy, and any party who executed a customer order believes that the order was
                  executed in accordance with its instructions, the outtrade may be resolved in any one of
                  the following ways:
                  a.   The trade may be busted. If a broker re-executes his order, any losses incurred by
                       the customer as a result of the delay in execution must be adjusted by check. If the
                       order is executed at a more favorable price, the customer is entitled to the better
                       price.
                  b.   The members making the trade(s) may agree to clear either trade or both trades in
                       accordance with the members’ recorded trade data.
                  c.   A broker may assign the opposite side of his order to his error account, pursuant to
                       Section 1. above, and he may agree to the clearing of the transaction according to the
                       terms of the other member’s recorded trade data.
                  d.   If both members involved in the outtrade are brokers, they may each assign the
                       opposite side of their respective orders to their error accounts pursuant to Section 1.
                       above.
                  A customer shall not be entitled to any portion of any profits realized by a local who was
                  on the opposite side of an outtrade between the local and the customer’s broker, as a
                  result of the local’s liquidation of his position. Such profits belong to the local, and may be
                  retained or disbursed at his discretion. If the local chooses to disburse any portion of such
                  profits to the broker, and the broker’s customer has received a fill in accordance with the
                  broker’s recorded trade data, the broker is not obligated to offer such profits to his
                  customer.
                  Nothing herein shall in any way limit a member's right to submit an outtrade to Exchange
                  arbitration if the outtrade cannot be resolved by agreement.
             527.D.        Errors and Mishandling of Orders
             If a broker overbuys or oversells for an order, the customer is not entitled to any of the quantity
             executed in excess of the order quantity. A position that has been established as a result of an
             erroneous execution or mishandling of an order must be placed in the error account of the
             broker or firm responsible for the error or order mishandling. Any profits resulting from the
             liquidation of trades placed in a broker’s or firm’s error account belong to the relevant broker or
             firm, and any such profits may be retained or disbursed at the broker’s or firm’s discretion.
             1. Unfilled or Underfilled Orders
             If a broker fails to execute an order or underbuys or undersells for an order, the broker shall do
             one of the following:
                   a. Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market and adjust the customer
                       by check if the customer is filled at a price less favorable than that to which he was
                       entitled due to the broker’s error or mishandling of the order. If the order is filled at a
                       more favorable price, the customer is entitled to the better price.
                       Execute the order or the remainder of the order in the market. If the order, or the
                       remainder of the order, is filled at a worse price than that to which the customer was
                       entitled but for the error or mishandling, the broker may allocate the fill to his error
                       account, pursuant to Section C.1. above, provide the customer a fill at the price to
                       which the customer was entitled, and place the opposite side of the customer fill into


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                        Page 13 of 43
                      his error account. If the order is filled at a more favorable price, the customer is
                      entitled to the better price.
             2.   Wrong Contract Month, Wrong Strike, or Wrong Commodity Executions
                  When an order has been executed in the wrong contract month, wrong strike price, or
                  wrong commodity, and the erroneous transaction has been placed in the relevant broker’s
                  or firm’s error account, the error may be corrected by one of the following:
                  a. Execution of the order in accordance with its terms, with an adjustment to the
                        customer by check if the order is executed at a worse price as a result of the error or
                        mishandling of the order.
                  b. Execution of a spread or combination transaction to execute the order and liquidate
                        the position arising from the initial erroneous execution of the order, whereby one leg
                        of the spread or combination transaction represents the correct execution of the order
                        and the other leg offsets the erroneous position in the broker’s or firm’s error account.
                        The broker or firm must clearly identify such transactions by appropriate designation,
                        clearly document in writing the circumstances surrounding the nature of the error and
                        promptly provide such documentation to the Market Regulation Department upon
                        request.
             3.   Wrong Side of Market Executions
                  When an order has been executed on the wrong side of the market and the erroneous
                  execution has been placed in the relevant broker’s or firm’s error account, the order shall
                  be executed in accordance with its terms, with an adjustment to the customer by check if
                  the order is executed at a worse price as a result of the error or mishandling of the order.

528.         PRICE REPORTING
             Parties to a pit transaction shall properly notify the designated Exchange official of the price at
             which trades have been consummated. Both parties to a pit trade are required to ensure that
             such price is properly posted.
             Whenever a member makes a trade with another member and such trade constitutes a price
             infraction, he shall 1) immediately break the trade; or 2) satisfy all bids or offers which were
             adversely affected; or 3) adjust the price of the trade to the price which existed when the price
             infraction occurred, provided that both parties agree to adjust the price and the terms of any
             affected orders are satisfied.

529.         WITHHOLDING ORDERS PROHIBITED
             A Member (as defined in Rule 400), or any person entering orders on the Globex platform,
             shall not withhold or withdraw from the market any order, or any part of an order, for the benefit
             of any person other than the person placing the order.

530.         PRIORITY OF CUSTOMERS' ORDERS
             A member shall not buy (sell) a futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or sell (buy) a put
             option for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, or
             an account over which he has discretionary trading authority when he is in possession of an
             executable order for another person to buy (sell) a futures contract, buy (sell) a call option or
             sell (buy) a put option in the same product, regardless of the venue of execution. All contract
             months in a given futures product and all options on the futures product, in addition to any
             corresponding alternative sized (mini or micro) futures or options contracts on a given product,
             shall be considered the same product for the purposes of this rule.
             The foregoing shall not apply to DRT orders provided that the customer has previously
             consented in writing and evidence of such general consent is indicated on the order with the
             “WP” (with permission) designation. In the case of a floor broker holding a discretionary order
             for an account described in Rule 547, a "WP" designation on the order shall constitute


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                       Page 14 of 43
             sufficient evidence of prior consent.
             No person shall enter an order into the Globex platform for his own account, an account in
             which he has a direct or indirect financial interest or an account over which he has
             discretionary trading authority, including, without limitation, an order allowing discretion as to
             time and price, when such person is in possession of any order for another person that the
             Globex platform is capable of accepting.

531.         TRADING AGAINST CUSTOMERS' ORDERS PROHIBITED
             531.A.       General Prohibition
             No person in possession of a customer order shall knowingly take, directly or indirectly, the
             opposite side of such order for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect
             financial interest, or an account over which he has discretionary trading authority.
             531.B.       Exceptions
             The foregoing restriction shall not apply to the following:
             1. Transactions executed in accordance with Rule 527 to resolve bona fide outtrades or
                 errors;
             2. Transactions executed pursuant to Rule 538;
             3. Block trades executed pursuant to Rule 526;
             4. On the Globex platform, a person may knowingly trade against his customer order for his
                 own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, an account
                 over which he has discretionary trading authority, or a proprietary account of his employer,
                 only if the customer order has been entered immediately upon receipt and has first been
                 exposed on the Globex platform for a minimum of 5 seconds in the case of futures orders
                 or for a minimum of 15 seconds in the case of options orders; and
             5. If the transaction was pit traded, a person may knowingly trade against his customer order
                 for his own account, an account in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest, an
                 account over which he has discretionary trading authority, or a proprietary account of his
                 employer, only if: (i) the customer has consented in writing to waive the application of Rule
                 531.A. no more than 12 months prior to the transaction; (ii) the member complies with the
                 requirements set forth in Rule 533; (iii) the member clearly identifies, by appropriate
                 descriptive words, all such transactions, and (iv) the member ensures that it is reported to
                 Exchange price reporting staff for entry into the Exchange Price Reporting System as a
                 cross trade.

532.         DISCLOSING ORDERS PROHIBITED
             No person shall disclose another person's order to buy or sell except to a designated
             Exchange official or the CFTC, and no person shall solicit or induce another person to disclose
             order information. An order for pit execution is not considered public until it has been bid or
             offered by open outcry. No person shall take action or direct another to take action based on
             non-public order information, however acquired. The mere statement of opinions or indications
             of the price at which a market may open or resume trading does not constitute a violation of
             this rule.

533.         SIMULTANEOUS BUY AND SELL ORDERS FOR DIFFERENT BENEFICIAL
             OWNERS
             A member who is in possession of both buy and sell orders for different beneficial owners for
             the same product and expiration month, and, for a put or call option, the same strike price, may
             execute such orders for and directly between such beneficial owners provided that in pit
             trading, a member executing such orders shall first bid and offer by open outcry three times at
             the same price, stating the number of contracts, and, thereafter, if neither the bid nor the offer



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 15 of 43
             is accepted, the orders may be matched in the presence, and with the approval, of a
             designated Exchange official.
             The member making such transactions shall, by appropriate descriptive words or symbols,
             clearly identify all such transactions on his trading card or other similar record made at the time
             of the execution. The member executing such trade must ensure that it is reported to
             Exchange price reporting staff for entry into the Exchange Price Reporting System. Failure to
             identify the transaction to Exchange price reporting staff as a cross trade shall constitute a
             violation of this rule.
             On the Globex platform, opposite orders for different beneficial owners that are simultaneously
             placed by a party with discretion over both accounts may be entered into the Globex platform
             provided that one order is exposed for a minimum of 5 seconds in the case of futures orders or
             a minimum of 15 seconds in the case of options orders. An order allowing for price and/or time
             discretion, if not entered immediately upon receipt, may be knowingly entered opposite another
             order entered by the same firm only if this other order has been entered immediately upon
             receipt and has been exposed on the Globex platform for a minimum of 5 seconds for futures
             orders or a minimum of 15 seconds for options orders.

534.         WASH TRADES PROHIBITED
             No person shall place or accept buy and sell orders in the same product and expiration
             month, and, for a put or call option, the same strike price, where the person knows or
             reasonably should know that the purpose of the orders is to avoid taking a bona fide market
             position exposed to market risk (transactions commonly known or referred to as wash sales).
             Buy and sell orders for different accounts with common beneficial ownership that are entered
             with the intent to negate market risk or price competition shall also be deemed to violate the
             prohibition on wash trades. Additionally, no person shall knowingly execute or accommodate
             the execution of such orders by direct or indirect means.
535.         RESPONSIBILITY OF FLOOR TRADERS AND FLOOR BROKERS
             Every floor trader and floor broker shall assist his clearing member in the clearing of his trades.
             Every floor trader and floor broker must leave contact information with the clearing member
             through which or for which he has traded in order that he may be contacted during the balance
             of the day in the event there is a discrepancy in the clearing of his trades.
             Each floor trader and floor broker or his designated representative must be available on the
             trading floor to resolve outtrades in contracts in which he executed trades on the previous day
             no later than 30 minutes prior to the opening of the relevant market (or at such other times as
             may be designated by Exchange officials). If the trader or broker or his designated
             representative is not present during such period, the clearing member through which or for
             which the trader or broker has traded shall be authorized to resolve any outtrade in the manner
             it deems appropriate, but such resolution shall not be determinative of the liability of any party
             to the outtrade.
             A floor trader or floor broker who fails to comply with this rule may be assessed a fine of
             $1,000 for the first violation, $2,000 for a second violation within 30 days of the first violation
             and $3,000 for a third and each subsequent violation within 30 days of the first violation. Fines
             imposed pursuant to this schedule are final and may not be appealed.

536.         RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS FOR PIT, GLOBEX, AND NEGOTIATED
             TRADES
             536.A.        General Requirements for Open Outcry Pit Trades
             At the time of execution, it shall be the duty of every member to record each trade on an
             approved electronic device or on pre-printed, sequentially pre-numbered trading cards in exact
             chronological order of execution. If recorded on trading cards, trades must be recorded on
             sequential lines of the card, and no lines may be skipped except that a member may use


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 16 of 43
             additional consecutive lines to record sufficient information concerning a particular trade type,
             including, but not limited to, spreads, exchange of futures or options for related positions and
             cabinet trades. Any lines that remain after the last execution recorded on the trading card
             must be marked through. No more than nine transactions may be recorded on each trading
             card. Every member must record the date, price, quantity, product, expiration month, opposite
             trader, time of execution to the nearest minute and, for options, put or call and strike price on
             the trading card or into the approved electronic device. Additionally, the trader must record a
             symbol which reflects whether the member was trading i) for his own account or an account
             controlled by such member, ii) for the proprietary account of his clearing member, iii) for
             another member present on the trading floor or for an account controlled by such other
             member, or iv) for any other account. Trades or order executions must either be recorded on
             an approved electronic device, or, if recorded on trading cards, in non-erasable ink. Members
             using trading cards must use a new card at the start of each half-hour interval and at the start
             of the post settlement session.
             Members must designate on the trading card whether such trade is a spread trade.
             A member may correct any errors on written trading records by crossing out erroneous trade
             information without obliterating or otherwise making illegible any of the originally recorded
             information.
             The seller or his designated representative (“the seller”) must enter the trade into the clearing
             system within 30 minutes of execution. The seller must enter the material terms of the trade,
             including the information required in the first paragraph of this subsection, including the time of
             execution. Within 60 minutes of execution, the buyer or his designated representative (“the
             buyer”) must review the seller’s entry of the trade and affirmatively note any disagreement with
             any of the terms of the trade and enter a time of execution to the nearest minute except in a
             circumstance in which the buyer does not know the trade. The seller must allocate the trade to
             the correct clearing firm(s) within 30 minutes of the execution of the trade unless the trade will
             clear at the seller’s qualifying clearing member firm. The buyer must allocate the trade to the
             correct clearing firm(s) within 60 minutes of the execution of the trade unless the trade will
             clear at the buyer’s qualifying clearing member firm, however the buyer may not allocate a
             trade until the seller has entered the trade into the clearing system.
             The original copy of trading cards must be submitted to the Exchange no later than 15 minutes
             after the end of each half-hour interval or the end of the closing range, whichever is earlier.
             In addition, each member must maintain, and is accountable for, documents on which original
             trade information is recorded.
             Trades that are not recorded contemporaneously due to an error or an outtrade shall be
             recorded on the next available line of a member’s pre-printed, sequentially numbered trading
             card or on a new trading card, and such trades must be denoted as being out of sequence.
             1. Customer Orders
             At the time of execution, every order received from a customer must be in the form of a written
             or electronic record and include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such
             order was received on the floor of the Exchange and, except as provided in Section C., must
             identify the specific account(s) for which the order was placed. Such record shall also include
             an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was modified, returned,
             confirmed or cancelled.
             2. Individual Member Orders
                  a. A member on the trading floor who enters an order with another member shall record
                       the order instructions and the time of placement to the nearest minute in sequence
                       with the other trades recorded on his pre-sequenced trading cards, unless such order
                       is immediately entered into an approved electronic device or recorded pursuant to
                       Section 2.b. below. Orders that involve options-futures combinations and other
                       spread trades where the initiating member personally executes at least one leg of the
                       spread shall not be subject to this requirement.



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 17 of 43
                  b.  Every written order that is initiated by a member for his own account while on the
                      trading floor must include an electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such
                      order was transmitted for execution and when such order was modified, returned,
                      confirmed or cancelled.
             3. Proprietary Orders of Clearing Members and Certain Member Entities
             Upon receipt on the floor of the Exchange, an order placed for the proprietary account of a
             member firm must be in the form of a written or electronic record that includes an electronic
             timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was received on the floor and must identify
             the specific account(s) for which the order was placed. Such record shall also include an
             electronic timestamp reflecting the date and time such order was modified, returned, confirmed
             or cancelled.
             536.B.       Globex Order Entry
             1.   General Requirement
             Each Globex terminal operator entering orders into Globex shall accurately input for each
             order: a) the user ID assigned him by the Exchange, a clearing member or other authorized
             entity (Tag 50 ID) b) the price, quantity, product, expiration month, CTI code, automated or
             manual indicator (Tag 1028) and account number (except as provided in           Section C.), and,
             for options, put or call and strike price. The Globex terminal operator’s user ID must be present
             on each order entered. For a Globex terminal operator with access pursuant to Rule 574,
             clearing members authorizing such access will be responsible for the Globex terminal
             operator’s compliance with this rule.
             With respect to orders received by a Globex terminal operator which are capable of being
             immediately entered into Globex, no record other than that set forth above need be made.
             However, if a Globex terminal operator receives an order which cannot be immediately entered
             into Globex, the Globex terminal operator must prepare a written order and include the account
             designation, date, time of receipt and other information required pursuant to section A.1. above.
             The order must be entered into Globex when it becomes executable.
             2.   Electronic Audit Trail Requirements for Electronic Order Routing/Front-End Systems
             Entities certified by the Exchange to connect an order routing/front-end system to the Globex
             platform through the CME iLink® gateway are responsible for creating an audit trail of each
             message entered into Globex. Clearing members guaranteeing a connection to Globex are
             responsible for maintaining or causing to be maintained the electronic audit trail for such
             systems. This electronic audit trail must be maintained for a minimum of 5 years, and clearing
             members must have the ability to produce this data in a standard format upon request of
             Market Regulation.
             Each such electronic audit trail must be complete and accurate and account for every
             electronic communication such system receives or generates, including any electronic
             communication such system receives from Globex.
             This electronic audit trail must contain all order receipt, order entry, order modification, and
             response receipt times to the highest level of precision achievable by the operating system, but
             at least to the millisecond. The times captured must not be able to be modified by the person
             entering the order. The data must also contain all Fix Tag information and fields which should
             include, but is not limited to the following:
             A record of all fields relating to order entry, including transaction date, product, Exchange
             code, expiration month, quantity, order type, order qualifier, price, buy/sell indicator,
             stop/trigger price, order number, unique transaction number, account number, session ID, Tag
             50 ID, automated or manual indicator (Tag 1028), self-match prevention ID (Tag 7928) where
             applicable, host order number, trader order number, clearing member, type of action, action
             status code, customer type indicator, origin, and timestamps. For executed orders the audit
             trail must record the execution time of the trade along with all fill information.


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 18 of 43
             In the case where the Guaranteeing Clearing Firm has a direct connect client that is another
             Clearing Firm or a corporate Equity Member, the Clearing Firm may notify the client Clearing
             Firm or Corporate Equity Member that it is their obligation to maintain the electronic audit trail.
             Upon execution of this written notice, it shall be the duty of the client Clearing Firm or
             Corporate Equity Member to maintain an electronic audit trail pursuant to this rule.
             536.C.        Bunched Orders and Orders Eligible for Post Execution Allocation
             Bunched orders must be allocated and recorded in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.35(b)
             and the NFA’s Interpretive Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10.
             A bunched order for pit execution does not require the specific account number to be recorded
             at the time of order placement or upon the report of execution provided that 1) the order is
             being placed by an account manager for multiple accounts eligible for post execution allocation
             or 2) a written, pre-determined allocation scheme has been provided to the futures commission
             merchant accepting or clearing the order prior to the time the order has been placed.
             Additionally, at the time of receipt on the trading floor, bunched orders that do not contain
             specific account numbers must contain a series, group, or suspense account indicator which
             relates directly to the group of accounts for which the order has been placed. A bunched order
             may be initially cleared into a suspense account provided that the final account-specific
             allocations are submitted to the clearing system no later than the end of each trading day.
             With respect to bunched Globex orders, such orders may be entered using a series
             designation or suspense account number provided that 1) the order is being placed by an
             account manager for multiple accounts eligible for post execution allocation or 2) a written, pre-
             determined allocation scheme that defines the series has been provided to the futures
             commission merchant accepting or clearing the order prior to the time that such order is
             entered. In the latter case, if such information has not been provided to the futures
             commission merchant prior to the time of order entry, each specific account number must be
             entered into Globex. Additionally, for all such bunched orders executed on Globex, the final
             account specific allocations must be submitted to the clearing system no later than the end of
             each trading day.
             Bunched orders for non-discretionary accounts may be entered either for pit execution or
             through Globex; however, only the following order types may be bunched: Market on Open,
             Market on Close, same priced Limit Orders and same priced Stop Orders. Such non-
             discretionary orders may only be bunched in the following instances:
             a.   Each order underlying the bunched order must be reduced to writing and include the
                  information required pursuant to Section A.1. above;
             b.   Allocation of the executions for the bunched orders must be fair and equitable in
                  accordance with the NFA’s Interpretive Notice related to Compliance Rule 2-10; and
             c.   In circumstances where the order is bunched in a member firm’s sales office, the party
                  accepting the order must, contemporaneously with the order placement, transmit the
                  individual account numbers and quantities associated with the bunched order to the
                  clearing member firm. Such transmission shall be maintained by the clearing member firm
                  along with the bunched order.
             536.D.        Customer Type Indicator (CTI) Codes
             Each clearing member must identify each transaction 1) executed on the trading floor, 2)
             executed on the Globex platform or 3) privately negotiated as a block trade pursuant to Rule
             526 or an EFRP pursuant to Rule 538 on the record of the transaction submitted to the
             Exchange with the correct customer type indicator (CTI) code. The CTI codes are as follows:
             CTI 1: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to transactions
             initiated and executed by an individual member for his own account, for an account he
             controls, or for an account in which he has an ownership or financial interest. However,
             transactions initiated and executed by a member for the proprietary account of a member firm
             must be designated as CTI 2 transactions.


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 19 of 43
             CTI 2: Electronic Trading, Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to orders entered or
             trades executed for the proprietary accounts of a member firm.
             CTI 3: Electronic Trading – Applies to orders entered by a member or a nonmember terminal
             operator for the account of another individual member or an account controlled by such other
             individual member.
             CTI 3: Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to orders that a member executes on
             behalf of another individual member, or for an account such other member controls or in which
             such other member has an ownership or financial interest.
             CTI 4: Electronic Trading Open Outcry and Privately Negotiated – Applies to all orders and
             transactions not included in CTI categories 1, 2 or 3. These typically are orders entered by or
             on behalf of nonmember entities.
             536.E.        Negotiated Trades
             All orders executed in accordance with Rules 526 and 538, unless otherwise exempted by
             rule, are subject to the recordation requirements pursuant to Section A.1.
             536.F.        Violations
             1. Audit Trail Violations
             A Member’s failure to comply with any provision of this rule may result in the imposition of
             summary penalties by the Market Regulation Department.
             A letter of warning may be issued for a first infraction. Subsequent infractions within a rolling
             12-month period shall result in automatic fines starting at $1,000, and then increasing to
             $2,500 and $5,000 for each subsequent infraction. Fifth and subsequent offenses within a 12
             month period will be referred to the Probable Cause Committee by the Market Regulation
             Department.
             A member will have 15 days after receipt of a letter of warning or a fine to present evidence to
             the Market Regulation Department in support of having the letter of warning or fine dismissed.
             If the member does not submit such evidence, or if the Market Regulation Department
             determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to warrant a rescission, the letter of
             warning or fine shall be final and may not be appealed.
             2. Floor Order Ticket Reviews
             The Market Regulation Department will conduct reviews of clearing member firms, member
             firms and floor brokerage operations to verify that order tickets are being prepared in
             compliance with the requirements of this rule. Compliance rates of 89% or lower may result in
             the following sanctions:
             Initial Review:
             89-80%                  $500

             79-70%                  $1,000
             69-60%                  $1,500
             59% and Below           $2,500


             Second Review:
             89-80%                  $1,000

             79-70%                  $2,000
             69-60%                  $3,000



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 20 of 43
             59% and Below          $5,000

             Third and Subsequent Reviews:
             89-80%                 $2,500
             79-70%                 $5,000
             69-60%                 $7,500
             59% and Below          $10,000
             Fines issued pursuant to this section are final and may not be appealed. A clearing member
             firm, member firm or floor broker will have 15 days after receipt of a fine to present evidence to
             the Market Regulation Department in support of having the fine rescinded. If the clearing
             member firm, member firm or floor broker does not submit such evidence, or if the Market
             Regulation Department determines that the evidence submitted is insufficient to increase the
             compliance rates above 89%, the fine shall be final and may not be appealed.
             Fourth and subsequent violations within 24 months may result in referral to the Probable
             Cause Committee for the issuance of charges.
             Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, the Market Regulation Department may, at any
             time, refer matters that it deems egregious to the Probable Cause Committee.
             536.G.        Telephone Recordings
             Unless specifically exempted by the Market Regulation Department or designated Exchange
             staff, all headset communications used in and around trading pits on the trading floor must be
             voice recorded by the Exchange for a fee.
             536.H.        Retention of Records
             Each member and member firm and employees of the foregoing must keep full, complete and
             systematic records, including records created or transmitted electronically, together with all
             pertinent data and memoranda, of all transactions relating to its business of dealing in
             commodity interests and related cash or forward transactions in accordance with CFTC
             Regulation 1.35. Written and electronic records must be retained for a minimum of five years
             in permanent form. Oral communications required to be recorded pursuant to CFTC
             Regulation 1.35(a) must be retained for a minimum of one year past the date on which the oral
             communication occurred. Oral communications recorded by the Exchange pursuant to Section
             G. will be maintained by the Exchange for a minimum of one year past the date on which the
             oral communication occurred.
             All records required to be retained shall at all times be open to inspection by Exchange staff or
             any representative of the CFTC or the United States Department of Justice.
537.         TRADE DATA SUBMITTED TO THE EXCHANGE
             a) Subject to each market participant's rights with respect to its own data, the Exchange shall
             own all rights, title and interest, database rights and trade secret rights in and to all trade data
             and related information submitted in connection with trading on the Exchange, and which is not
             collected or received for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations. The Exchange has the
             exclusive right to use, distribute, sub-license, disclose and sell anonymized trade data and
             derivative works in any manner, media and jurisdiction. Market participants shall not
             redistribute trade data or derivative works based thereon unless licensed by the Exchange.
             The restriction on redistribution shall not apply to a market participant's own data.
             (b) Trade data and related information that is submitted to the Exchange for the purpose of
             fulfilling regulatory obligations may be used by the Exchange for business or marketing
             purposes, unless the market participant has refused consent to such use, and either provides


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                       Page 21 of 43
             written notice to the General Counsel of the Exchange at 20 South Wacker Drive, Chicago,
             Illinois 60606 (“Attn: Data Opt Out Request”), or provides notice by calling (855) 219-1580.
             Data collected or received for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations shall not be
             disclosed publicly other than on an aggregated or anonymized basis, or in a manner that does
             not directly or indirectly identify any market participant who has submitted such data. Access
             to the Exchange will not be conditioned upon a market participant's consent to data collected
             or received for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations being used for business or
             marketing purposes. Nothing in this Rule shall preclude the Exchange from disclosing data
             pursuant to a valid subpoena or court order, or as otherwise required by law.
538.         EXCHANGE FOR RELATED POSITIONS
             An Exchange for Related Position (“EFRP”) transaction involves a privately negotiated off-
             exchange execution of an Exchange futures or options contract and, on the opposite side of
             the market, the simultaneous execution of an equivalent quantity of the cash product, by-
             product, related product, or OTC derivative instrument corresponding to the asset underlying
             the Exchange contract.
             The following types of EFRP transactions are permitted to be executed outside of the
             Exchange’s centralized market in accordance with the requirements of this rule:
             Exchange of Futures for Physical (“EFP”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange
             futures contract and a corresponding physical transaction or a forward contract on a physical
             transaction.
             Exchange of Futures for Risk (“EFR”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange futures
             contract and a corresponding OTC swap or other OTC derivative transaction.
             Exchange of Option for Option (“EOO”) – the simultaneous execution of an Exchange option
             contract and a corresponding transaction in an OTC option or other OTC instrument with
             similar characteristics.
             For purposes of this rule, EFPs, EFRs and EOOs shall collectively be referred to as EFRP
             transactions.
             538.A.       Parties to an EFRP
             One party to the EFRP must be the buyer of the Exchange contract and the seller of (or the
             holder of the short market exposure associated with) the related position; the other party to the
             EFRP must be the seller of the Exchange contract and the buyer of (or the holder of the long
             market exposure associated with) the related position. The Exchange contract and the
             corresponding related position must be executed for accounts with the same beneficial
             ownership.
             Notwithstanding the foregoing, a member firm may facilitate, as principal, the related position
             component of an EFRP on behalf of a customer provided that the member firm can
             demonstrate that the related position was passed through to the customer who received the
             Exchange contract as part of the EFRP.
             Parties to an EFR or EOO transaction must comply with all relevant CFTC regulations
             governing eligibility to participate in the related position component of such transactions.
             538.B.       Independently Controlled Accounts
             The opposing accounts to an EFRP transaction must be (a) independently controlled accounts
             with different beneficial ownership; (b) independently controlled accounts of separate legal
             entities with common beneficial ownership; or (c) independently controlled accounts of the
             same legal entity, provided that the account controllers operate in separate business units.




© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 22 of 43
             For EFRP transactions between accounts with common beneficial ownership, the parties to the
             trade must be able to demonstrate the independent control of the accounts and that the
             transaction had economic substance for each party to the trade.
             538.C.        Related Position
             The related position component of an EFRP must be the cash commodity underlying the
             Exchange contract or a by-product, a related product or an OTC derivative instrument of such
             commodity that has a reasonable degree of price correlation to the commodity underlying the
             Exchange contract. The related position component of an EFRP may not be a futures contract
             or an option on a futures contract.
             Each EFRP requires a bona fide transfer of ownership of the underlying asset between the
             parties or a bona fide, legally binding contract between the parties consistent with relevant
             market conventions for the particular related position transaction.
             The execution of an EFRP transaction may not be contingent upon the execution of another
             EFRP or related position transaction between the parties where the transactions result in the
             offset of the related position without the incurrence of market risk that is material in the context
             of the related position transactions.
             538.D.        EFPs in Connection with Inventory Financing of Storable, Non-Financial
                           Commodities
             A party providing inventory financing for a storable agricultural, energy or metals commodity
             may, through the execution of an EFP, purchase the commodity and sell the equivalent
             quantity of futures contracts to a counterparty, and grant to the counterparty the non-
             transferable right, but not the obligation, to execute a second EFP during a specified time
             period in the future which will have the effect of reversing the original EFP.
             538.E.        Quantity Equivalence
             The quantity of the related position component of the EFRP must be approximately equivalent
             to the quantity of the Exchange component of the EFRP. Appropriate hedge ratios between
             the Exchange and related position components of the EFRP may be used to establish
             equivalency.
             538.F.        Prices and Price Increments
             The Exchange component of the EFRP transaction must be priced in accordance with the
             applicable futures price increments or option premium increments as set forth in the rules
             governing the Exchange contract.
             EFRPs may be transacted at such commercially reasonable prices as are mutually agreed
             upon by the parties to the transaction. EFRPs may not be priced to facilitate the transfer of
             funds between parties for any purpose other than as the consequence of legitimate
             commercial activity.
             538.G.        EFRPs Following the Termination of Trading in Exchange Contracts
             EFRP transactions in certain Exchange contracts may be executed for a defined period of time
             following the termination of trading in accordance with the applicable product rules governing
             each Exchange contract. Such transactions may be executed only to liquidate Exchange
             positions.
             538.H.        Recordkeeping
             Parties to an EFRP transaction must maintain all records relevant to the Exchange contract
             and the related position transaction, including order tickets, records customarily generated in
             accordance with relevant market practices, records reflecting payments between the parties
             and, where appropriate, transfer of title, as well as any other records required to be kept



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                       Page 23 of 43
             pursuant to CFTC Regulation 1.35. Brokers who facilitate EFRP transactions must maintain all
             records corresponding to their facilitation of the transactions.
            Records related to EFRP transactions must be provided to the Exchange upon request. It shall
            be the responsibility of the carrying clearing member firm to obtain and submit the requested
            records of their clients to the Exchange on a timely basis.
             538.I.       Submission to the Clearing House
             Each EFRP transaction shall be submitted to the Clearing House within the time period and in
             the manner specified by the Exchange and the Clearing House. In all cases, the record
             submitted to the Clearing House must reflect the correct EFRP transaction type and must
             reflect the accurate date and time at which the relevant terms of the transaction were agreed
             upon by the parties to the trade.
             An EFRP transaction submitted to the Clearing House shall not be considered accepted by the
             Clearing House until the transaction has cleared and the first payment of settlement variation
             and performance bond has been confirmed.
             538.J.       EFRP Volumes Required to be Reported with Daily Large Trader Positions
             Each clearing member, omnibus account and foreign broker responsible for submitting daily
             large trader positions in accordance with Rule 561 must submit for each reportable account the
             EFRP volume bought and sold in the reportable instrument. This information must be included
             in the daily Large Trader report to the Exchange.
             538.K.       Immediately Offsetting EFPs in Foreign Currency Futures
             EFPs in foreign currency futures wherein the parties immediately offset the cash transaction
             are permitted and the Exchange would expect to see confirmation statements issued by the
             bank/foreign exchange dealer party to the Transaction. These confirmation statements should
             be the type normally produced by the bank/foreign exchange dealer for confirmation of
             currency deals and should indicate, by name, the identity of the counter party principal to the
             Transaction.      However, in circumstances where the EFP Transaction is between a
             bank/foreign exchange dealer and a CTA, account controller, or other Person acting on behalf
             of a third party (such as a commodity pool or fund), the cash side confirmation statement must
             identify, at minimum, the name of the third party’s Carrying Clearing Member and the third
             party’s account number (or other account specific designation), but need not identify the third
             party by name. These transactions are only permissible as EFPs in foreign currency futures
             and not in any other asset class or in EFRs or EOOs in foreign currency futures.

539.         PREARRANGED, PRE-NEGOTIATED AND NONCOMPETITIVE TRADES
             PROHIBITED
             539.A.       General Prohibition
             No person shall prearrange or pre-negotiate any purchase or sale or noncompetitively execute
             any transaction, except in accordance with Sections B. and C. below.
             539.B.       Exceptions
             The foregoing restriction shall not apply to block trades pursuant to Rule 526 or Exchange for
             Related Positions transactions pursuant to Rule 538.
             539.C.       Pre-Execution Communications Regarding Globex Trades
             Parties may engage in pre-execution communications with regard to transactions executed on
             the Globex platform where one party (the first party) wishes to be assured that a contra party
             (the second party) will take the opposite side of the order under the following circumstances:




© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                   Page 24 of 43
             1.   A party may not engage in pre-execution communications with other market participants
                  on behalf of another party unless the party for whose benefit the trade is being made has
                  previously consented to permit such communications.
             2.   Parties to pre-execution communications shall not (i) disclose to a non-party the details of
                  such communications or (ii) enter an order to take advantage of information conveyed
                  during such communications except in accordance with this rule.
             3.   Entry Methods for Futures Orders (including futures-only spread and combination trades)
                  a.   Globex Cross: The first party’s order is entered into the Globex platform first and the
                       second party’s order may not be entered into the Globex platform until a period of 5
                       seconds has elapsed from the time of entry of the first order.

                  b.   Agency Cross: Alternatively, in certain eligible products, a Cross Sequence (“CS”)
                       may be used by a broker to enter the buy and the sell orders into Globex. Following
                       the pre-execution communication, a Request for Quote (“RFQ”) for the particular
                       futures or futures spread or combination is entered into Globex. Thereafter, a Cross
                       Sequence, which is defined as the entry of a day-limit order followed immediately by
                       the entry of a day-fill-and-kill order, must be entered in Globex no less than five (5)
                       seconds and no more than thirty (30) seconds after the entry of the RFQ in order to
                       proceed with the trade. The first party’s order must be entered first as a day-limit
                       order, followed immediately by the entry of the second order as a day-fill-and-kill
                       order. The CS must occur within the same trading session. Failure to enter the buy
                       and sell orders within 30 seconds after the entry of the RFQ will require a new CS to
                       be initiated in order to proceed with the trade.
             4.   Entry Methods for Options Orders (including all spreads and combinations containing an
                  option)
                  a.   Globex Cross: Following the pre-execution communication, an RFQ for the
                       particular option or option spread or combination is entered into Globex. Thereafter,
                       a Request for Cross (“RFC”) order which contains both the buy and the sell orders
                       must be entered into Globex no less than five (5) seconds and no more than thirty
                       (30) seconds after the entry of the RFQ in order to proceed with the trade. The RFQ
                       and the RFC order must be entered within the same trading session. Failure to enter
                       the RFC order within 30 seconds after the entry of the RFQ will require a new RFQ
                       to be entered prior to the entry of the RFC order, which must be entered in
                       accordance with the time parameters described above in order to proceed with the
                       trade.


                  b.   Agency Cross: Alternatively, in certain eligible products, a Cross Sequence (“CS”)
                       may be used by a broker to enter the buy and the sell orders into Globex. Following
                       the pre-execution communication, a Request for Quote (“RFQ”) for the particular
                       options or options spread or combination is entered into Globex. Thereafter, a
                       Cross Sequence, which is defined as the entry of a day-limit order followed
                       immediately by the entry of a day-fill-and-kill order, must be entered in Globex no
                       less than five (5) seconds and no more than thirty (30) seconds after the entry of the
                       RFQ in order to proceed with the trade. The first party’s order must be entered first
                       as a day-limit order, followed immediately by the entry of the second order as a day-
                       fill-and-kill order. The CS must occur within the same trading session. Failure to
                       enter the buy and sell orders within 30 seconds after the entry of the RFQ will



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 25 of 43
                       require a new CS to be initiated in order to proceed with the trade.

540.         RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMER ORDERS
             540.A.       Standard of Responsibility
             A Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall exercise due diligence in the handling and execution
             of customer orders. Failure to act with due diligence shall constitute negligence. In the case
             of a dispute as to whether a Member has exercised due diligence, the appropriate arbitration
             or disciplinary committee is authorized to determine whether the Member was negligent and, if
             so, whether an adjustment is due to the customer. The committee may take into consideration
             the nature of the order and existing market conditions, including the existence of a "fast
             market" (a designation invoked to reflect rapid price changes and volatile market conditions in
             the pit), at the time the Member acted or failed to act. However, no market condition nullifies a
             Member's responsibility to exercise due diligence.
             A Member is prohibited from directly or indirectly guaranteeing the execution of an order or any
             of its terms such as the quantity or price. A Member may only report an execution that has
             occurred as a result of open outcry, has been effected through the Globex platform, or has
             been executed as a permissible privately negotiated transaction. This rule shall not be
             construed to prevent a Member from assuming or sharing in the losses resulting from an error
             or the mishandling of an order.
             540.B.       Liability for Negligence
             A Member may not adjust the price at which an order was executed or be held responsible for
             executing or failing to execute an order unless such Member was negligent or is settling a
             bona-fide dispute regarding negligence.
             A member firm may not compel an adjustment from a Member in the absence of a bona-fide
             dispute regarding negligence.
             Clearing members shall document all adjustments. Clearing members shall make and retain a
             record which contains the date the adjustment was received, the name of the Member making
             the adjustment, the account to which the adjustment was credited, the amount of the
             adjustment, the order number and the reason for the adjustment. Such records must be
             provided to the Market Regulation Department upon request.

541.         [RESERVED]

542.         SIMULTANEOUS SPREAD AND COMBINATION TRANSACTIONS
             A.  All spread or combination transactions in which all sides are acquired simultaneously must
                 be for the same account or accounts with the same ownership, except as provided by
                 Rule 527. Each of the respective legs of the spread or combination transaction must be
                 priced within the daily price limits for those contracts that have limits.
                 Spread or combination transactions shall not set off conditional orders in any contract
                 except for an identical spread or combination conditional order. All simultaneous spread
                 or combination transactions must be reported to a designated Exchange official who shall
                 record and publish the differentials or combination prices in addition to the quantities of
                 such trades. The brokers executing any spread or combination transaction must maintain
                 a record of the transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
             B. Any spread or combination transaction involving cabinet options may trade, provided that
                 the traded price of the combination is zero or cabinet.
                 Spread or combination transactions involving cabinet options other than those
                 transactions explicitly defined in this rule are not allowed.
             C.-E. [Reserved]
             F. On Globex, spread or combination transactions shall be made by inputting the spread



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                       Page 26 of 43
                 differential or combination price into the Globex system.
                 For combinations traded on Globex in price terms, the Exchange will allocate the
                 combination trade price among the individual options in the combination for clearing
                 purposes.
543.         [RESERVED]
544.         CLOSING DAY ORDERS
             During the last day of trading in an expiring futures contract, all allowable types of orders that
             reach the trading floor less than 15 minutes prior to the close of trading, except for market,
             closing, spread, limit and stop orders, will be accepted solely at the risk of the customer on a
             not-held basis. A broker shall not be responsible for cancellations unless the cancellation
             reaches the broker at least 15 minutes prior to the close on the last day of trading in an
             expiring futures contract.

545.         [RESERVED]

546.         OPENING AND CLOSING RANGES DURING REGULAR TRADING HOURS
             Opening and closing ranges shall be established by Exchange staff in consultation with the
             Floor Conduct Committee.
             In the event of a disputed opening or closing range or a trade during the opening or closing
             range that is conspicuously out of line with the market, the final determination of the opening or
             closing range shall be made by Exchange staff in consultation with the Floor Conduct
             Committee. A change in the opening range will be allowed only if the request for a change is
             made within 15 minutes of the posting of the range. A change in the closing range will be
             allowed only if the request for a change is made within 10 minutes of the posting of the range.

547.         DISCRETIONARY ORDERS
             Other than DRT orders, no Member (as defined in Rule 400) shall accept an order that gives
             more latitude than price and time in execution of the order, except in accordance with the
             provisions of Rule 956.
             The above restriction shall not apply to those orders:
             1. placed by another member for an account owned by such member;
             2. placed by the member’s immediate family which includes a spouse, parent, child,
                 grandparent, grandchild, brother, sister, aunt, uncle, nephew, niece or in-law; and
             3. placed for proprietary accounts of member firms.

548.         PRIORITY OF EXECUTION
             In pit trading, non-discretionary customer orders shall be executed in accordance with their
             price and time priority. A member shall not execute a discretionary order, including, without
             limitation, an order allowing the member discretion as to time and price, while in possession of
             an executable customer order. No person shall allocate executions in any manner other than
             an equitable manner.
             Non-discretionary customer orders received by a Globex terminal operator shall be entered
             into Globex in the sequence received. Non-discretionary orders that cannot be immediately
             entered into Globex must be entered when the orders become executable in the sequence in
             which the orders were received.

549.         [RESERVED]

550.         POST CLOSE SESSION


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 27 of 43
             As soon as practicable, trading may resume for a period of three minutes after the close of
             Regular Trading Hours for pit traded futures and designated options contracts. Such trading
             must begin within 15 minutes after the close of Regular Trading Hours unless a later start time
             is approved by an Exchange Official. The post close session for related products shall
             commence simultaneously.
             During the post close session, members are obligated to bid or offer any orders that were
             received prior to or after the close which are executable in the post close session.
             Outright futures and options trades during the post close session may occur at any price,
             provided such price is within the daily limits for contracts with daily price limits.
             Spreads or combination transactions during the post close session may occur at any price,
             provided that both legs are priced within the daily price limits for contracts with price limits.
             The prices at which trades occur during the post close session may establish a new high or
             low in the outright contract month or spread or combination.
             Except as otherwise specifically set forth in this rule, the rules applicable to trading during
             Regular Trading Hours shall be applicable to trading during the post close session.

551.         [RESERVED]

552.         [RESERVED]

553.         AVERAGE PRICE SYSTEM
             553.A.       Application of Average Prices
             The Exchange's Average Price System ("APS"), or a proprietary APS developed by a clearing
             member, allows a clearing member to confirm to customers an average price when multiple
             execution prices are received on an order or series of orders for futures, options or
             combination transactions. An order or series of orders executed during the same trading day
             at more than one price may be averaged pursuant to APS only if each order is for the same
             account or group of accounts and for the same product and expiration month for futures, or for
             the same product, expiration month, put/call and strike price for options.
             553.B.       Requirements for APS Trades
             A clearing member may have the Exchange calculate average prices or a clearing member
             may calculate average prices internally for contracts executed on the Exchange. The
             requirements enumerated below must be met for APS transactions.
             1. The customer must have requested average price reporting.
             2. Each individual trade must be submitted and cleared by the Exchange at the executed
                 price.
             3. If a clearing member computes and confirms the average price to its customers, it must
                 compute the weighted mathematical average price, as set forth in Section C.
             4. If a clearing member calculates the average price, it must possess the records to support
                 the calculations and allocations to customer accounts and must maintain these records
                 pursuant to CFTC regulations.
             5. A clearing member must ensure that its proprietary trades are not averaged with customer
                 APS trades.
             553.C.       Computation of Average Price
             Upon receipt of an execution or match at multiple prices for an APS order, the weighted
             mathematical average must be computed by: (a) multiplying the number of contracts
             purchased or sold at each execution price by that price, (b) adding the results together and (c)
             dividing by the total number of contracts. An average price for a series of orders will be
             computed based on the average prices of each order in that series. The actual average price


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 28 of 43
             or the average price rounded to the next price increment may be confirmed to customers. If a
             clearing member confirms the rounded average price, the clearing member must round the
             average price up to the next price increment for a buy order or down to the next price
             increment for a sell order. The residual created by the rounding process must be paid to the
             customer. APS may produce prices that do not conform to whole cent increments. In such
             cases, any amounts less than one cent may be retained by the clearing member.
             553.D.        Disclosure
             Each clearing member that confirms an average price to a customer must indicate on the
             confirmation and monthly statement that the price represents an average price.

554.-558.    [RESERVED]

559.         POSITION LIMITS AND EXEMPTIONS
             The position limit levels applicable to those contracts with position limits are set forth in the
             Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table (“Table”) in the Interpretations
             Section at the end of Chapter 5.
             A person seeking an exemption from position limits must apply to the Market Regulation
             Department on forms provided by the Exchange. In order to obtain an exemption from position
             limits, a person must:
             1.   Provide a description of the exemption sought, including whether the exemption is for bona
                  fide hedging positions as defined in CFTC Regulation §1.3(z)(1), risk management
                  positions or arbitrage/spread positions;
             2.   Provide a complete and accurate explanation of the underlying exposure related to the
                  exemption request;
             3.   Agree to promptly provide, upon request by the Market Regulation Department, information
                  or documentation regarding the person’s financial condition;
             4.   RESERVED
             5.   Agree to comply with all terms, conditions or limitations imposed by the Market Regulation
                  Department with respect to the exemption;
             6.   Agree that the Market Regulation Department may, for cause, modify or revoke the
                  exemption at any time;
             7.   Agree to initiate and liquidate positions in an orderly manner;
             8.   Agree to comply with all Exchange rules; and
             9.    Agree to promptly submit a supplemental statement to the Market Regulation Department
                   whenever there is a material change to the information provided in the most recent
                   application.
             A person intending to exceed position limits, including limits established pursuant to a
             previously approved exemption, must file the required application and receive approval from
             the Market Regulation Department prior to exceeding such limits. However, a person who
             establishes an exemption-eligible position in excess of position limits and files the required
             application with the Market Regulation Department shall not be in violation of this rule provided
             the filing occurs within five (5) business days after assuming the position except in
             circumstances where the Market Regulation Department requires a person to file prior to the
             fifth business day. In the event the positions in excess of the limits are not deemed to be
             exemption-eligible, the applicant and clearing firm will be in violation of speculative limits for
             the period of time in which the excess positions remained open.
             The Market Regulation Department shall, on the basis of the application and any requested


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 29 of 43
             supplemental information, determine whether an exemption from position limits shall be
             granted. The Market Regulation Department may approve, deny, condition or limit any
             exemption request based on factors deemed by the Department to be relevant, including, but
             not limited to, the applicant's business needs and financial status, as well as whether the
             positions can be established and liquidated in an orderly manner given characteristics of the
             market for which the exemption is sought.
             Nothing in this rule shall in any way limit (i) the authority of the Exchange to take emergency
             action; or (ii) the authority of the Market Regulation Department to review at any time the
             positions owned or controlled by any person and to direct that such position be reduced to the
             position limit provided for in the Table.
             A person who has received written authorization from the Market Regulation Department to
             exceed position limits must annually file an updated application not later than one year
             following the approval date of the most recent application. Failure to file an updated
             application will result in expiration of the exemption.
             559.A.        Bona Fide Hedging Positions
             The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from position limits for bona fide
             hedge positions as defined by CFTC Regulation §1.3(z)(1).
             Approved bona fide hedgers may be exempted from emergency orders that reduce position
             limits or restrict trading.
             559.B.        Risk Management Positions
             The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for risk
             management positions. For the purposes of this rule, risk management positions are defined
             as futures and options positions which are held by or on behalf of an entity or an affiliate of an
             entity which typically buys, sells or holds positions in the underlying cash market, a related
             cash market, or a related over-the-counter market and for which the underlying market has a
             high degree of demonstrated liquidity relative to the size of the positions and where there exist
             opportunities for arbitrage which provide a close linkage between the futures or options market
             and the underlying market in question. Exemptions related to indexed positions in the over-
             the-counter market may include corresponding commodity index-based futures and options
             and/or individual commodity futures and options used as components in replicating an index.
             559.C.        Arbitrage and Spread Positions
             The Market Regulation Department may grant exemptions from the position limits for arbitrage,
             intracommodity spread, intercommodity spread, and eligible option/option or option/futures
             spread positions.
             559.D.        Aggregation of Positions
             1. Positions to be Aggregated - The position limits in the Table shall apply to all positions in
             accounts for which a person by power of attorney or otherwise directly or indirectly owns the
             positions or controls the trading of the positions. The position limits in the Table shall also
             apply to positions held by two or more persons acting pursuant to an expressed or implied
             agreement or understanding, the same as if the positions were held by, or the trading of the
             positions was done by, a single person.
             2. Ownership of Accounts – Except as set forth in Section E. below, any person holding
             positions in more than one account, or holding accounts or positions in which the person by
             power of attorney or otherwise directly or indirectly has a 10% or greater ownership or equity
             interest, must aggregate all such accounts or positions unless such person is a limited partner,
             shareholder, member of a limited liability company, beneficiary of a trust or similar type of pool
             participant in a commodity pool. The foregoing exception for pool participants shall not apply if
             the person is a commodity pool operator, controls the commodity pool’s trading decisions, or
             has an ownership or equity interest of 25% or more in a commodity pool whose operator is
             exempt from registration with the CFTC.



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 30 of 43
             559.E.        Limited Exceptions to Aggregation for Independently Controlled Positions
             Positions carried for an eligible entity as defined in CFTC Regulation §150.1(d) in the separate
             account or accounts of independent account controllers as defined in CFTC Regulation
             §150.1(e) shall not be aggregated for position limit purposes. If an independent account
             controller is affiliated with the eligible entity or another independent account controller, each of
             the affiliated entities must comply with the requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation
             §150.3(a)(4)(i)(A-D).
             Positions held by futures commission merchants or their separately organized affiliates in
             customer discretionary accounts or in guided account programs shall not be aggregated for
             position limit purposes provided that the accounts are controlled by independent traders and
             meet the standards set forth in CFTC Regulation §150.4(d).
             Any person claiming an exemption from position limits under this Section must, upon request by
             the Market Regulation Department, provide any information deemed necessary to support the
             exemption.
             559.F.        Conditional Limit in NYMEX Last Day Financial Natural Gas Contracts
             The Market Regulation Department may grant a Conditional limit in Last Day Financial Natural
             Gas contracts of up to the equivalent of five thousand (5,000) NYMEX Physical Natural Gas
             Contracts (NG) during the period that position limits are applicable. Any participant seeking
             such exemption must agree: (1) not to hold a position in the NG contract during the last three
             days of trading; (2) provide the Exchange information on the complete book of all positions
             related to the Henry Hub; and (3) any other information /documentation required by the
             Exchange
             559.G.        Violations
             Violations of position limits and approved exemption limits are subject to the provisions of Rule
             562.

560.         POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY
             A person who owns or controls positions in excess of reportable levels or where such Person
             otherwise holds substantial positions in contracts traded on the Exchange or cleared by the
             Clearing House shall keep records, including records of their activity in the underlying
             commodity and related derivative markets, and make such records available, upon request, to
             the Exchange.
             Upon request by the Market Regulation Department, such person shall also provide
             information relating to the positions owned or controlled by that person including, but not
             limited to, the nature and size of the position, the trading strategy employed with respect to the
             position, and hedging information, if applicable.
             For purposes of this rule, all positions in accounts for which a person, by power of attorney or
             otherwise, directly or indirectly holds positions or controls trading shall be included with the
             positions held by such person. Additionally, positions held by two or more persons acting
             pursuant to an expressed or implied agreement or understanding shall be treated the same as
             if the positions were held by a single person.
             If the person from whom such records or information is requested fails to comply as directed,
             the Market Regulation Department may order the reduction of such position, in addition to
             taking disciplinary action as a result of such failure.
             A person who exceeds position accountability or position limit levels as a result of maintaining
             positions at more than one clearing firm shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality
             regarding his position and the identity of the clearing members at which the positions are
             maintained.
             A person who holds or controls aggregate positions in excess of specified position
             accountability levels or in excess of position limits pursuant to an approved exemption shall be



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                       Page 31 of 43
             deemed to have consented, when so ordered by the Market Regulation Department, not to
             further increase the positions, to comply with any prospective limit which exceeds the size of
             the position owned or controlled, or to reduce any open position which exceeds position
             accountability or position limit levels. Any order to reduce an open position shall be issued by
             the Chief Regulatory Officer or his designee, if he determines in his sole discretion, that such
             action is necessary to maintain an orderly market.
             A clearing member that carries positions for another person shall be responsible for taking
             reasonable and diligent actions to effect the timely compliance with any order issued pursuant
             to this rule upon notification of such order by the Market Regulation Department.
             All positions must be initiated and liquidated in an orderly manner.
561.         REPORTS OF LARGE POSITIONS
             561.A.       General Provisions
             Clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers shall submit to the Exchange a daily
             report of all positions required to be reported as set forth in the Position Limit, Position
             Accountability and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter
             5. Positions at or above the reportable level in a particular expiration month of a futures
             contract or in all puts or in all calls of a particular option contract expiration month trigger
             reportable status. For a person in reportable status in a particular contract, all positions,
             regardless of size, in any futures contract month and in any put or call on that futures contract
             must be reported.
             Additionally, the daily Large Trader submission to the Exchange must include for each
             reportable account 1) the EFRP volume bought and sold in the reportable instrument, by
             contract month, and for EOOs by put and call strike and 2) the number of delivery notices
             issued and the number of deliveries stopped in the reportable instrument.
             Failure by an omnibus account or foreign broker to submit required information may result in a
             hearing by the Business Conduct Committee and result in limitations, conditions or denial of
             access of such omnibus account or foreign broker to any Exchange market. Notwithstanding
             the above, clearing members carrying such accounts remain responsible for obtaining and
             providing to the Exchange information regarding the ownership and control of positions in
             circumstances where an omnibus account or foreign broker has failed to provide the
             information to the Exchange.
             All large trader reports shall be submitted in a form acceptable to the Market Regulation
             Department. The Exchange may require that more than one large trader report be submitted
             daily. The Business Conduct Committee or the Market Regulation Department may require
             reports from any clearing member, omnibus account or foreign broker on a lesser number of
             positions than reflected in the Position Limit, Position Accountability and Reportable Level
             Table.
             Clearing members, omnibus accounts and foreign brokers must provide the Market Regulation
             Department with the required CFTC Form 102 (“Identification of Special Accounts”) accurately
             identifying the owners, controllers, controlled accounts and any additional information required
             for each reportable account within three Business Days of the first day that the account in
             question becomes reportable. Notwithstanding the three Business Day requirement, on the
             first day that an account becomes reportable, clearing members, omnibus accounts and
             foreign brokers must, at the direction of the Market Regulation Department, submit the
             following information: account type, reportable account number and names and addresses of
             the owners and controllers of the account.
             Any material changes to the information previously provided to the Market Regulation
             Department will require the submission of a revised form within three Business Days of such
             changes becoming effective. Additionally, in the absence of any material changes, the Market
             Regulation Department may require the submission of a new form on a biennial basis for the


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 32 of 43
             maintenance of accurate records.
             561.B.        Reportable Levels
             The reportable levels for all contracts are set forth in the Position Limit, Position Accountability
             and Reportable Level Table in the Interpretations Section at the end of Chapter 5.
562.         POSITION LIMIT VIOLATIONS
             Any positions, including positions established intraday, in excess of those permitted under the
             rules of the Exchange shall be deemed position limit violations.
             If a position exceeds position limits as a result of an option assignment, the person who owns
             or controls such position shall be allowed one business day to liquidate the excess position
             without being considered in violation of the limits. Additionally, if, at the close of trading, a
             position that includes options exceeds position limits when evaluated using the delta factors as
             of that day’s close of trading, but does not exceed the limits when evaluated using the previous
             day’s delta factors, then the position shall not constitute a position limit violation.
             A clearing member shall not be in violation of this rule if it carries positions for its customers in
             excess of the applicable position limits for such reasonable period of time as the firm may
             require to discover and liquidate the excess positions. For the purposes of this rule, a
             reasonable period of time shall generally not exceed one business day.
             A customer who exceeds the position limits as a result of maintaining positions at more than
             one clearing member shall be deemed to have waived confidentiality regarding his positions
             and the identity of the clearing members at which they are maintained. A clearing member
             carrying such positions shall not be in violation of this rule if, upon notification by the Market
             Regulation Department, it liquidates its pro-rata share of the position in excess of the limits or
             otherwise ensures the customer is in compliance with the limits within a reasonable period of
             time.

563.— 572. [RESERVED]

                          GLOBEX ELECTRONIC TRADING SYSTEM RULES

573.         GLOBEX OPENING
             Each business day, Globex will open with a single price for each instrument unless otherwise
             designated by the Exchange.
             Prior to the opening of each Globex Session, Globex will provide an indicative opening price or
             prices, based on the Globex equilibrium price algorithm described below, and on all pending
             orders that may be executed on the opening. During the 30–second period prior to the
             opening, no previously entered orders may be modified or cancelled, although new orders may
             be entered.
             Globex will establish an equilibrium price that will be the opening price. The equilibrium price
             is the calculated price between sell pressure and buy pressure where the largest volume of
             trading can occur. The price will be determined in accordance with the following methodology:
             1. Any bid at a given price may also be executed at a lower price.
             2. Any offer at a given price may also be executed at a higher price.
             3. The bid volume at any price is the quantity bid at that price plus the sum of the quantities
                  bid at all higher prices.
             4. The offer volume at any price is the quantity offered at that price plus the sum of the
                  quantities offered at all lower prices.
             5. Sell pressure occurs when the offer volume exceeds the bid volume at a particular price.



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                        Page 33 of 43
             6.  Buy pressure occurs when the bid volume exceeds the offer volume at a particular price.
             7.  The trade volume at any price is the smaller of the bid volume or the offer volume.
             8.  The price overlap is the range of prices where trades are possible.
             9.  The equilibrium is the price range within the price overlap where buy pressure changes to
                 sell pressure.
             10. The equilibrium price is one of the following:
             (a) The price within the equilibrium that has the largest trade volume and the lowest
                 unmatched volume at that price remaining after the opening.
             or
             (b) If more than one price has the same trade volume and the same unmatched volume at
                 that price, the equilibrium price is the one nearest the previous day's settlement price.
             11. If there is no equilibrium (there is only buy pressure or sell pressure), there will be no
                 opening price until a trade occurs unless there is a bid higher than, or an offer lower than,
                 the previous day's settlement price.
             12. After the provisional opening price is determined as set forth above for all orders excluding
                 stop and stop limit orders, the calculations are repeated with any such orders that would
                 be triggered at such price included until a new provisional opening price is determined. If
                 such new price would trigger additional stop or stop limit orders, the process is repeated
                 until no more orders are triggered.
             13. Bids and offers will be selected for matching at the opening price based on price and time
                 priority.

574.         GLOBEX ACCESS RESTRICTIONS
             All connections to the Globex system, including direct connections of non-clearing members or
             customers, must be guaranteed by a clearing member that assumes financial responsibility for
             all activity through the connection. With respect to transactions given up to other clearing
             members, such guarantee is effective only until such time that the other clearing member
             accepts the trade.
             All individuals entering non-member customer orders in other than a clerical capacity must
             have appropriate industry registration. Non-member customer orders may be entered only
             from designated areas on the floor of the Exchange or from the premises of an entity
             registered to conduct customer business.
             Clearing members shall assist the Exchange in any investigation into potential violations of the
             rules or the Act which occur through or with respect to a Globex connection guaranteed by the
             clearing member. Such assistance must be timely and may include, but not be limited to,
             requiring any non-member customer to produce documents, to answer questions from the
             Exchange, and/or to appear in connection with an investigation.
             Clearing members shall suspend or terminate a non-member customer's Globex access if the
             Exchange determines that the actions of the non-member customer threaten the integrity or
             liquidity of any contract or violate any Exchange rule or the Act, or if the non-member customer
             fails to cooperate in an investigation.
             If a clearing member has actual or constructive notice of a violation of Exchange rules in
             connection with the use of Globex by a non-member for which it has authorized a direct
             connection and the clearing member fails to take appropriate action, the clearing member may
             be found to have committed an act detrimental to the interest or welfare of the Exchange.
575.         DISRUPTIVE PRACTICES PROHIBITED
             All orders must be entered for the purpose of executing bona fide transactions. Additionally, all
             non-actionable messages must be entered in good faith for legitimate purposes.




© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 34 of 43
             A.   No person shall enter or cause to be entered an order with the intent, at the time of order
                  entry, to cancel the order before execution or to modify the order to avoid execution;
             B.   No person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message or
                  messages with intent to mislead other market participants;
             C.   No person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message or
                  messages with intent to overload, delay, or disrupt the systems of the Exchange or other
                  market participants; and
             D.   No person shall enter or cause to be entered an actionable or non-actionable message
                  with intent to disrupt, or with reckless disregard for the adverse impact on, the orderly
                  conduct of trading or the fair execution of transactions.
             To the extent applicable, the provisions of this Rule apply to open outcry trading as well as
             electronic trading activity. Further, the provisions of this Rule apply to all market states,
             including the pre-opening period, the closing period and all trading sessions.

576.         IDENTIFICATION OF GLOBEX TERMINAL OPERATORS
             Each Globex terminal operator shall be identified to the Exchange, in the manner prescribed
             by the Exchange, and shall be subject to Exchange rules. If user IDs are required to be
             registered with the Exchange, it is the duty of the clearing member to ensure that registration is
             current and accurate at all times. Each individual must use a unique user ID to access Globex.
             In no event may a person enter an order or permit the entry of an order by an individual using
             a user ID other than the individual’s own unique user ID.

577.         [RESERVED]

578.         LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, NO WARRANTIES
             A.   EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, THE EXCHANGE, CHICAGO MERCANTILE
                  EXCHANGE INC. (“CME”) AND THE BOARD OF TRADE OF THE CITY OF CHICAGO,
                  INC. (“CBOT”), (INCLUDING EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS,
                  SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
                  EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, LICENSORS, MEMBERS, AND CLEARING
                  MEMBERS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES,
                  COSTS OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS,
                  LOSS OF USE, AND DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
                  PUNITIVE DAMAGES), ARISING FROM:
                         (i) ANY FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, FAULT IN DELIVERY, DELAY,
                  OMISSION, SUSPENSION, INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION, TERMINATION, OR ANY
                  OTHER CAUSE, IN CONNECTION WITH THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE,
                  OPERATION, MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY PART OF
                  ANY OF THE SYSTEMS AND SERVICES OF THE EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT, OR
                  SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND
                  SERVICES,    INCLUDING   WITHOUT    LIMITATION   ELECTRONIC    ORDER
                  ENTRY/DELIVERY, TRADING THROUGH ANY ELECTRONIC MEANS, ELECTRONIC
                  COMMUNICATION OF MARKET DATA OR INFORMATION, WORKSTATIONS USED
                  BY MEMBERS AND AUTHORIZED EMPLOYEES OF MEMBERS, PRICE REPORTING
                  SYSTEMS AND ANY AND ALL TERMINALS, COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS,
                  CENTRAL COMPUTERS, SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, FIRMWARE AND PRINTERS
                  RELATING THERETO; OR



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 35 of 43
                         (ii) ANY FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, FAULT IN DELIVERY, DELAY,
                  OMISSION, SUSPENSION, INACCURACY, INTERRUPTION OR TERMINATION, OR
                  ANY OTHER CAUSE, OF ANY SYSTEM OR SERVICE OF THE EXCHANGE, CME OR
                  CBOT, OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH
                  SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT
                  LIMITED TO, INDEPENDENT SOFTWARE VENDORS AND NETWORK PROVIDERS;
                  OR

                        (iii) ANY ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN INFORMATION PROVIDED BY
                  THE EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT OR ANY EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT SYSTEMS,
                  SERVICES OR FACILITIES; OR
                        (iv) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF ANY
                  EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES BY ANY
                  PERSON.

             THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER A CLAIM ARISES
             IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, CONTRIBUTION OR
             OTHERWISE AND WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BROUGHT DIRECTLY OR AS A THIRD
             PARTY CLAIM.
             THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE COMMODITY
             EXCHANGE ACT AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. A PARTY WHO HAS BEEN
             FINALLY ADJUDICATED TO HAVE ENGAGED IN WILLFUL OR WANTON MISCONDUCT
             MAY NOT AVAIL ITSELF OF THE PROTECTIONS IN THIS RULE.
             B.   THERE ARE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
                  (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
                  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) PROVIDED BY THE EXCHANGE,
                  CME OR CBOT (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES),
                  THEIR   RESPECTIVE   OFFICERS,   DIRECTORS,   EMPLOYEES,    AGENTS,
                  CONSULTANTS, AND LICENSORS RELATING TO ANY SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF
                  THE EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED
                  TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, INCLUDING THE GLOBEX SYSTEM.

             C.   ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF SYSTEMS OR SERVICES OF THE
                  EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT OR SERVICES, EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO
                  SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS OR SERVICES IN WHICH THE EXCHANGE, CME OR
                  CBOT (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES), OR ANY
                  OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS,
                  CONSULTANTS OR LICENSORS IS A PARTY SHALL BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT
                  TO EXCHANGE RULES. ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE BROUGHT WITHIN THE
                  PERIOD PRESCRIBED BY EXCHANGE RULES. ANY OTHER ACTIONS, SUITS OR
                  PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY OF THE ABOVE MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN TWO
                  YEARS FROM THE TIME THAT A CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED. THIS
                  PARAGRAPH C SHALL IN NO WAY BE CONSTRUED TO LIMIT A PARTY’S
                  OBLIGATION TO ARBITRATE ITS CLAIM OR TO CREATE A CAUSE OF ACTION AND
                  SHALL NOT AUTHORIZE AN ACTION THAT WOULD OTHERWISE BE PROHIBITED
                  BY EXCHANGE RULES. IF FOR ANY REASON, A COURT OF COMPETENT
                  JURISDICTION FINDS THAT SUCH DISPUTE IS NOT ARBITRABLE, SUCH DISPUTE
                  MAY ONLY BE LITIGATED IN THE COUNTY OF COOK IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved   Page 36 of 43
                  AND WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS WITHOUT
                  REGARD TO ANY PROVISIONS OF ILLINOIS LAW THAT WOULD APPLY THE
                  SUBSTANTIVE LAW OF A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION.
             D.   THE EXCHANGE, CME AND CBOT MAY, IN THEIR SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME
                  RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY
                  THE NEGLIGENCE OF GLOBEX CONTROL CENTER OR OTHER EXCHANGE, CME
                  OR CBOT STAFF AND/OR ORDER STATUS ERRORS PROVIDED BY THE GLOBEX
                  CONTROL CENTER AND/OR THE CLEARING CUSTOMER SERVICE DESK. IF SUCH
                  LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE OBLIGATIONS FOR THE
                  EXCHANGE, CME AND CBOT SHALL NOT EXCEED $200,000 FOR ALL LOSSES
                  SUFFERED FROM ALL CAUSES IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH, EXCEPT FOR
                  LOSSES CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDERS WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO THE
                  PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPHS F. AND G. BELOW. ANY DISPUTED CLAIM MADE
                  UNDER THIS RULE MUST BE ARBITRATED PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE RULES.
             E.   IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COLLECTIVE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR THE
                  EXCHANGE, CME AND CBOT FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY
                  NEGLIGENCE, FAILURES, MALFUNCTIONS, FAULTS IN DELIVERY, DELAYS,
                  OMISSIONS, SUSPENSIONS, INACCURACIES, INTERRUPTIONS, TERMINATIONS,
                  ORDER STATUSING ERRORS OR ANY OTHER CAUSES, EXCEPT FOR PHANTOM
                  ORDERS WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PARAGRAPHS F. AND G.
                  BELOW, IN CONNECTION WITH THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OPERATION,
                  MAINTENANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ALL OR ANY PART OF ANY OF THE
                  EXCHANGE’S, CME’S OR CBOT’S SYSTEMS OR SERVICES, OR SERVICES,
                  EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES USED TO SUPPORT SUCH SYSTEMS AND SERVICES,
                  OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT STAFF, EXCEED $200,000 IN
                  ANY CALENDAR MONTH.
                  IF THE NUMBER OF ALLOWED CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURES OR
                  MALFUNCTIONS IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY SATISFIED
                  BECAUSE OF THE MONTHLY LIABILITY LIMITATION, ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE
                  LIMITED TO A PRO RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR
                  THAT MONTH.
             F.   NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE EXCHANGE, CME AND CBOT MAY, IN
                  THEIR SOLE DISCRETION, ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-
                  POCKET NET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDERS (AS DEFINED
                  BELOW).     IF SUCH LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE
                  OBLIGATIONS FOR THE EXCHANGE, CME AND CBOT SHALL NOT EXCEED
                  $5,000,000 FOR ALL SUCH LOSSES SUFFERED IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH.
                  ANY DISPUTED CLAIM MADE UNDER THIS RULE MUST BE ARBITRATED
                  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE RULES.
                  FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS RULE AND RULE 588, A PHANTOM ORDER IS AN
                  ORDER: 1) THAT WAS NOT AUTHORIZED BY A PERSON BUT WAS CAUSED BY A
                  FAILURE, MALFUNCTION OR NEGLIGENT OPERATION OF GLOBEX OR ANY OTHER
                  EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT SYSTEM, SERVICE OR FACILITY, OR 2) WHOSE
                  TERMS (E.G. CONTRACT, CONTRACT MONTH, QUANTITY, PRICE OR DIRECTION)
                  WERE CHANGED WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION OF THE PERSON PLACING THE
                  ORDER SOLELY AS A RESULT OF A FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, OR NEGLIGENT


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved   Page 37 of 43
                 OPERATION OF GLOBEX OR ANY OTHER EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT SYSTEM,
                 SERVICE OR FACILITY.
             G. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COLLECTIVE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR THE
                EXCHANGE, CME AND CBOT FOR DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET NET LOSSES
                DIRECTLY CAUSED BY PHANTOM ORDER(S) EXCEED $5,000,000 IN A SINGLE
                CALENDAR MONTH.     COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF RULE 588.F., IS
                REQUIRED IN ORDER FOR LOSSES TO BE CONSIDERED BY THE EXCHANGE
                PURSUANT TO THIS RULE.
                 IF THE AMOUNT OF DIRECT, OUT-OF-POCKET NET LOSSES DIRECTLY CAUSED
                 BY PHANTOM ORDERS IN A SINGLE CALENDAR MONTH CANNOT BE FULLY
                 SATISFIED BECAUSE OF THE MONTHLY LIABILITY LIMITATION, ALL SUCH LOSSES
                 SHALL BE LIMITED TO A PRO RATA SHARE OF THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT
                 AVAILABLE FOR THAT MONTH.

             A CLAIM AGAINST THE EXCHANGE, CME OR CBOT ARISING OUT OF ANY FAILURE,
             MALFUNCTION OR PHANTOM ORDER SHALL BE STRICTLY SUBJECT TO THE
             RESPECTIVE LIABILITY LIMITS OF THIS RULE.

579.         GLOBAL COMMAND CENTER
             579.A.       Customer Support
             The Global Command Center ("GCC") provides Globex customer support and problem
             management only to members, clearing members, KCBT Permit Holders and customers
             designated by clearing members. In addition, designated MGEX members and clearing
             members may also receive customer support and problem management from GCC with
             respect to contracts traded on Globex. In order to be eligible for GCC support, such persons
             must register with the GCC (“Registered Contacts”). The GCC provides customer support via
             a specified telephone number and during specified hours. GCC employees may not always be
             available to assist Registered Contacts. Persons other than Registered Contacts, including
             non-members with Globex access pursuant to Rule 574, must contact their clearing members
             to make support requests.
             579.B        GCC Communications
             As provided in Rule 578, the Exchange shall not be liable for any loss resulting from any
             inability to communicate with the GCC. The liability of the Exchange for the negligent acts of
             GCC staff shall be subject to the limitations and conditions of Rule 578. In no event, however,
             shall the Exchange be liable for the negligence of the GCC if the person claiming to have
             suffered a loss could have secured the support it sought from GCC through its own
             administrative terminal, its clearing member’s terminal or an Independent Software Vendor’s
             (“ISV”) terminal. For purposes of this rule, a person is deemed able to take action through its
             own administrative terminal, a clearing member’s terminal or an ISV’s terminal unless such
             terminal was inoperative or such terminal service was interrupted at the time the GCC took
             action.
             579.C        Order Status
             A person who believes he has received an incorrect order status or does not receive an
             appropriate status shall immediately notify the GCC. In the event that the GCC and an
             Exchange system, service or facility provide conflicting information relating to an order status,
             a person may only reasonably rely on the information received from the GCC. Additionally,
             such person shall take any necessary and appropriate market action to mitigate any potential
             losses arising from the incorrect order status or lack of appropriate order status immediately
             after the person knew or should have known that the order status information was incorrect or



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 38 of 43
             should have been received. Any liability of the Exchange for incorrect order status shall be
             subject to the limitations and conditions of Rule 578.
             579.D.        Cancellation of Orders at Prices Outside of the Applicable Globex Price
                           Limits
             In certain circumstances, the price limits applicable to contracts traded on Globex may vary
             depending on the time of day. In this situation, it is possible for an order to be entered into the
             Globex system during one time period at a price that is outside of the price limit that applies
             during a subsequent time period. If this order remains in the system at the beginning of the
             subsequent time period, the system will freeze in the event a market order on the opposite side
             of the market is entered and there are no other resting orders against which it can be matched
             rather than allow the match to occur at a price outside of the applicable price limit.
             Accordingly, whenever the GCC becomes aware of a bid or offer in the Globex system for any
             contract that is outside of the applicable price limit, the GCC will cause such bid or offer to be
             cancelled and will promptly notify the affected Globex user of such cancellation.

580.         CME GLOBEX TRADE MATCHING ALGORITHMS
             The CME Globex platform employs multiple predefined sets of matching algorithms used to
             match trades on the platform. Information concerning the matching algorithm applicable to a
             particular product is set forth on the GCC Product Resources page on the CME Group website
             available here. Information on the operation of the matching algorithms is available here.

581.-586.    [RESERVED]

587.         [RESERVED]

588.         TRADE CANCELLATIONS AND PRICE ADJUSTMENTS
             588.A.        Global Command Center Authority Regarding Trade Cancellations and
                           Price Adjustments
             The following shall be applied to balance the adverse effects on market integrity of executing
             trades and publishing trade information inconsistent with prevailing market conditions while
             preserving legitimate expectations of trade certainty by market participants. This rule
             authorizes the Global Command Center (“GCC”) to adjust trade prices or cancel trades where,
             in its absolute and sole discretion, the GCC believes such action is necessary to mitigate
             market disrupting events caused by the improper or erroneous use of the electronic trading
             system or by system defects. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this rule, the GCC may,
             in its absolute and sole discretion, adjust trade prices or cancel any trade if it believes that
             allowing the trade(s) to stand as executed could have a material, adverse effect on the integrity
             of the market. All decisions of the GCC shall be final. Subject to the limitations and conditions
             of Rule 578, and irrespective of the terms of any order entered into Globex, the Exchange shall
             not have any liability for losses resulting from price adjustments or trade cancellations by the
             GCC under this Rule.
             588.B.        Review of Trades
             The GCC may determine to review a trade based on its independent analysis of market activity
             or upon request for review by a user of the electronic trading system. A request for review
             must be made to the GCC via telephone within eight minutes of the execution of the trade.
             Any other form of communication with the GCC will not constitute a request for review as set
             forth in this Section. GCC phone numbers are available on the CME Group website.
             The GCC shall determine whether or not a trade will be subject to review. In the absence of a
             timely request for review, during volatile market conditions, upon the release of significant
             news, or in any other circumstance in which the GCC deems it to be appropriate, the GCC
             may determine, in its sole discretion, that a trade shall not be subject to review.


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                      Page 39 of 43
             Upon deciding to review a trade, the GCC will promptly issue an alert indicating that the trade
             is under review.
             588.C.        Price Adjustments and Cancellations
             Upon making a determination that a trade will be subject to review, the GCC will first determine
             whether the trade price is within the Non-Reviewable Range for futures or within the Bid/Ask
             Reasonability Allowance for options, as described in Section H. The Bid/Ask Reasonability
             Allowance for an option is the maximum width of the bid/ask range which will be considered
             reasonable for use in applying the parameters necessary to establish the Non-Reviewable
             Range for the option. In applying the Non-Reviewable Range, the GCC shall determine the
             fair value market price for that contract at the time the trade under review occurred. The GCC
             may consider any relevant information, including, but not limited to, the last trade price in the
             contract or a better bid or offer price on the electronic trading system, a more recent price in a
             different contract month, the price of the same or related contract established in another venue
             or another market, the market conditions at the time of the trade, the theoretical value of an
             option based on the most recent implied volatility and responses to a Request for Quote
             (RFQ).
             1. Trade Price Inside the Non-Reviewable Range
                   If the GCC determines that the price of the trade is inside the Non-Reviewable Range, the
                   GCC will issue an alert indicating that the trade shall stand.
             2. Trade Price Outside the Non-Reviewable Range
                   a. Futures Contracts
                         If the GCC determines that a trade price is outside the Non-Reviewable Range for a
                         futures contract (including futures spreads), the trade price shall be adjusted to a
                         price that equals the fair value market price for that contract at the time the trade
                         under review occurred, plus or minus the Non-Reviewable Range. In the event there
                         are multiple parties, prices and/or contracts involved in the transactions at issue, the
                         GCC has the authority, but not the obligation, to cancel rather than price adjust such
                         transactions. The GCC will issue an alert regarding its decision.
                   b. Option Contracts
                         If the GCC determines that a trade price is outside the applicable Non-Reviewable
                         Range for an option contract, the trade price shall be adjusted. In the case of a buy
                         (sell) error, the price will be adjusted to the determined ask (bid) price set forth in the
                         Bid/Ask Reasonability Allowance in Section H. plus (minus) the Non-Reviewable
                         Range. In the event there are multiple parties, prices and/or contracts involved in the
                         transactions at issue, the GCC has the authority, but not the obligation, to cancel
                         rather than price adjust such transactions. The GCC will issue an alert regarding its
                         decision.
             Cancelled trade prices and any prices that have been adjusted shall be cancelled in the
             Exchange’s official record of time and sales. Trades that are price adjusted shall be inserted in
             the time and sales record at the adjusted trade price.
             588.D.           Alternative Resolution by Agreement of Parties
             With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is price adjusted may instead mutually
             agree to cancel the trade. With the approval of the GCC, parties to a trade that is cancelled
             may instead mutually agree to price adjust the trade to a price consistent with the adjustment
             provisions of Section C.
             Parties to a trade that is cancelled or price adjusted may mutually agree to a cash adjustment
             provided that such adjustments are reported to the GCC and the parties maintain a record of
             the adjustment.
             An executed trade may not be reversed via transfer except where such trade is determined by
             GCC to be outside of the Non-Reviewable Range but not reported timely, subject to agreement
             of the parties and approval of the GCC. Any such transfer must occur at the original trade


© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                          Page 40 of 43
             price and quantity; however the parties may mutually agree to a cash adjustment.
             A trade that is not cancelled may not be reversed via a prearranged offsetting transaction
             unless such transactions are permitted and effected in accordance with Rule 539.C.

             588.E.       Liability for Losses Resulting from Price Adjustments or Cancellations
                          Cancellations and Prohibition on Claims for Losses Arising From Error
                          Trades Executed Within the Non-Reviewable Range
             A party entering an order that results in a price adjustment or trade cancellation shall be
             responsible for demonstrated claims of realized losses incurred by persons whose trade prices
             were adjusted or cancelled provided, however, that a claimant shall not be entitled to
             compensation for losses incurred as a result of the claimant’s failure to take reasonable
             actions to mitigate the loss.
             A claim for a loss pursuant to this section must be submitted to the Exchange on an Exchange
             claim form within five business days of the event giving rise to the claim. The Exchange shall
             reject any claim that is not filed in a timely manner or is not permitted by this section and such
             decisions shall be final. Eligible claims shall be forwarded by the Exchange to the party
             responsible for the order(s) that resulted in a trade cancellation or a price adjustment and to
             the clearing member through which the trade was placed. Such party, or the clearing member
             on behalf of the party, shall, within ten business days of receipt of the claim, admit or deny
             responsibility in whole or in part. Failure to respond to the claim within ten business days shall
             be considered a denial of liability.
             To the extent that liability is admitted, payment shall be made within ten business days. Unless
             otherwise agreed upon in writing by the parties, failure to make the payment within ten
             business days shall be considered a denial of liability for purposes of this rule. A copy of any
             such written agreement must be provided to the Exchange.
             To the extent that liability is denied, the party making the claim may submit the claim to
             arbitration in accordance with Rule 622. Such claims must be submitted to the Market
             Regulation Department within ten business days of the date the party was issued notification
             that liability was denied.
             Claims for losses incurred as a result of trades executed in error at prices within the non-
             reviewable range may not be submitted for arbitration pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 6.
             588.F.       Permissible Responses to Phantom Orders
             If the GCC has reason to believe that Phantom Orders as defined in Rule 578 have been or
             are being entered into any Exchange system, service or facility, the GCC shall be empowered
             to take appropriate action to protect the integrity of the market, including, without limitation,
             suspending trading and/or canceling unfilled orders. The GCC shall also be empowered, in its
             sole discretion, to cancel transactions or adjust the trade prices of transactions that were
             directly or indirectly caused by Phantom Orders, whether or not such transactions were
             executed at prices outside of the non-reviewable range specified in this Rule.
             If Phantom Orders directly cause transactions to be executed on any Exchange system,
             service or facility and such transactions are not canceled, the GCC shall promptly direct the
             clearing member carrying positions resulting from such transactions to liquidate the positions in
             a commercially reasonable manner. Such positions shall be liquidated within 30 minutes of
             such notification or within 30 minutes of the time the clearing firm knew or should have known
             that it had been assigned transactions resulting from Phantom Orders, whichever is sooner.
             The GCC, in its sole discretion, may waive the 30 minute liquidation requirement if it
             determines that such requirement may have a material, adverse impact on the integrity of the
             market.
             The GCC shall provide notification to the marketplace regarding any action taken or to be
             taken with respect to the entry of Phantom Orders or execution of a transaction as a result of
             Phantom Orders, and, in the event transactions are not otherwise canceled or price adjusted
             by the GCC, any actions required to be taken by clearing members. Such notification(s) shall



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                     Page 41 of 43
             be made as soon as practicable, but in no event more than 30 minutes after the time that the
             GCC has accurate information regarding the Phantom Orders that is sufficient to support the
             necessary notification(s).
             Any Exchange, CME, CBOT or KCBT liability for losses resulting from Phantom Orders shall
             be subject to the limitations of Rule 578.
             588.G.        Schedule of Administrative Fees
             When GCC cancels or price adjusts a trade, the party responsible for entering the order into
             the electronic trading system that gave rise to the trade cancellation or price adjustment shall
             pay an administrative fee to the Exchange in the amount of $500 for each such occurrence. If
             the party is not deemed a Member as defined in Rule 400 and fails to pay the fee, the clearing
             member through which the trade was placed shall be responsible for payment of the fee.
             588.H.        Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges

                           View table here (XLS)
                  Partner Exchanges
             Please access below links for Non-Reviewable Ranges for our Partner Exchange contracts.

                  MGEX - http://www.mgex.com/nrr.html
                  BMD - http://www.bursamalaysia.com/market/derivatives/trading/trading-parameters/
                  DME - http://www.dubaimerc.com/trading/bust-ranges/index.aspx

589.         SPECIAL PRICE FLUCTUATION LIMITS
             The special price fluctuation limits applicable to those contracts with special price fluctuation
             limits are set forth in the Special Price Fluctuation Limits Table (“Table”) in the Interpretations
             Section at the end of Chapter 5.
             Notwithstanding any other provisions of this rule, the GCC may, in its absolute and sole
             discretion, take any action it determines necessary to protect market integrity. For avoidance
             of doubt, this authority includes, but is not limited to, modifying or eliminating price fluctuation
             limits at any time and/or determining whether to halt or not to halt trading. The GCC will
             promptly issue an alert with respect to actions taken pursuant to this provision.
             A.   Initial Price Fluctuation Limits for All Contract Months. At the commencement of each
                  trading day, there shall be initial price fluctuation limits in effect for each futures contract
                  month of the Primary Futures Contract (as identified in the Table) above or below the
                  previous day's settlement price for such contract month set at the first special price
                  fluctuation limit level as provided in the Table.
             B.   (i) First Triggering Event and Temporary Trading Halt. If the lead contract month (as
                  identified by the Exchange) of the Primary Futures Contract is bid or offered via Globex at
                  the upper or lower price fluctuation limit at the first special price fluctuation limit level, as
                  applicable, it will be considered a Triggering Event that will begin a five (5) minute
                  monitoring period in the lead contract month. If at the end of the five (5) minute monitoring
                  period, the lead contract month of the Primary Futures Contract is not bid or offered at the
                  applicable special price fluctuation limit, the special price fluctuation limits shall be
                  expanded an additional increment above and below the previous day's settlement price for
                  all contract months of the Primary Futures Contract as provided in the Table. If, however,
                  at the end of the five (5) minute monitoring period, the lead contract month of the Primary
                  Futures Contract is bid or offered at the applicable special price fluctuation limit, a two (2)
                  minute Temporary Trading Halt will commence in all contract months of the Primary
                  Futures Contract as well as in all contract months of Associated Products of the Primary
                  Futures Contract as provided in the Table. In addition, trading in any Associated Product



© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                         Page 42 of 43
                  that is an option related to the Primary Futures Contract or in an option contract related to
                  any other Associated Product of the Primary Futures Contract of this rule that may be
                  available for trading on Globex or on the trading floor shall be subject to a coordinated
                  Temporary Trading Halt.
                  (ii) Expansion of Limits Following Temporary Trading Halt. Following the end of a
                  Temporary Trading Halt, the affected markets shall re-open simultaneously in all contract
                  months of the Primary Futures Contract as well as in all contract months of Associated
                  Products of the Primary Futures Contract of this rule. When trading resumes, the price
                  fluctuation limits of the Primary Futures Contract shall be expanded an additional
                  increment above and below the previous day's settlement price for all contract months of
                  the Primary Futures Contract as provided in the Table.
                  (iii) Each instance in which a Triggering Event occurs, a five (5) minute monitoring period
                  will commence as provided in Sections 589.2.(a) and 589.2.(b). In each instance, the
                  price fluctuation limits for each contract month of the Primary Futures Contract shall be
                  expanded by an additional increment as provided in the Table above and below the
                  previous day's settlement price for such contract month. Following the fourth triggering
                  event, there will be no further limits.
                  (iv) A Primary Futures Contract shall not be the lead Primary Futures Contract on the
                  contract’s last trading day. There shall be no special price fluctuation limits during the
                  period between the first intent day and the last delivery day of an expiring Metals futures
                  contract that serves as a primary futures contract for the purposes of Rule 589.
                  Additionally, there shall be no temporary trading halts or expansion of special price
                  fluctuation limits during the last five (5) minutes of trading during the period between the
                  first intent day and the last delivery day of an expiring Metals futures contract that serves
                  as a primary futures contract for the purposes of Rule 589.
             C.   Price Fluctuation Limits on Trading Floor (Floor Trading)
                  (i) The special price fluctuation limits cited in Section 589.1. of this rule shall be applicable
                  on the trading floor. All markets on the trading floor shall be limited to trading at these
                  special fluctuation price levels (locked limit); however, such trading shall not constitute a
                  Triggering Event for purposes of a Temporary Trading Halt.
                  (ii) In all instances when a Triggering Event in the lead contract month of the Primary
                  Futures Contract occurs on Globex, floor trading in all contract months of the Primary
                  Futures Contract and in all contract months of Associated Products of the Primary Futures
                  Contract of this rule shall immediately halt. Additionally, trading in any option related to
                  the Primary Futures Contract or in an option contract related to any Associated Product of
                  the Primary Futures Contract of this rule shall be subject to a coordinated Temporary
                  Trading Halt.
                  (iii) Whenever Globex markets are re-opened with expanded price limits pursuant to the
                  provisions of Section 589.2. of this rule, the affected markets on the trading floor shall
                  simultaneously re-open with the expanded limits in place.




© Copyright 2009 New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. All rights reserved                         Page 43 of 43
                                 INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES
                                       RELATING TO CHAPTER 5

         ACCESS, CONDUCT AND APPEARANCE CODE


It is imperative that persons who utilize the Exchange Trading Floors (“trading floor”) maintain a proper and
businesslike atmosphere on the trading floor. This is not only for the benefit of the thousands of visitors (ranging from
U.S. government officials to foreign dignitaries to the general public) who come to the Exchange each year, but also
to maintain and enhance the reputation and dignity of the Exchange as an international marketplace.
Accordingly, the Exchange has established rules governing access to and conduct on the trading floor as well as
standards of appearance. These rules and standards apply to members and their employees, member firm
employees, Exchange employees and visitors.
I.       Access
         A. To gain access to the trading floor, every member, member's employee, member firm employee, and
         Exchange employee must use only his own personal access card to gain access to the trading floor.
         Exchange trading floor employees, other Exchange employees routinely on the trading floor and members
         must display their personal access card or their Exchange issued identification badge. Non-member
         employees of members and member firms must display their personal access cards on the upper front of
         their jackets with the picture side facing outward. Broker assistants must also wear a badge provided by the
         Exchange that identifies them as broker assistants.
         B. Members are required to register and accompany their visitors and are responsible for their actions
         while they are on the trading floor. Visitors must wear appropriate attire that is clean and presentable and
         are not allowed in any pit during trading hours. Visitors' overcoats, packages, umbrellas or briefcases are
         not permitted on the trading floor.
         C. All visits by public figures to CME Group trading floors, offices and common areas must be approved
         and coordinated, in advance, by CME Group’s Public Affairs or Government Relations Department. Public
         figures include government officials and representatives, domestic and foreign dignitaries, politicians,
         celebrities, business leaders and all other high-profile individuals.
         D. Members may not request trading floor access privileges for the same visitor on more than three days
         of the same calendar month without the permission of designated Exchange staff of the Security
         Department.
         E. Visitors are prohibited from soliciting employment or from acting as employees of members, member
         firms or the Exchange on the trading floor.
         F. No one under the age of 16 will be admitted to the trading floor during trading hours.
II.      Conduct
         Commonly accepted standards of propriety and decorum apply to everyone on the trading floor. The
         following behavior, speech or actions are expressly prohibited on the trading floor.
         A. Possessing any weapon (including, but not limited to, firearms, knives, stun guns or pepper spray);
         B. Carrying or consuming food or drink. Individually-wrapped (non-chocolate) hard candy and gum,
              however, are permissible.
         C. Reckless throwing of trading cards or any other material;
         D. Excessive speed in moving around the trading floor;
         E. Use of emergency exits without proper justification;
         F. Smoking or use of tobacco products, including chewing tobacco;
         G. Use of members-only facilities by non-members;
         H. Failure to give member priority to quotation machines, news tickers, monitors and other facilities where
              such member priority is so designated;
         I. Engaging in any activity that is disruptive to trading;
         J. The sale or solicitation of goods or services without consent of the Exchange;
         K. Having outer coats or umbrellas on the trading floor;
         L. Use of cameras or video equipment, unless authorized by the Exchange. Flash photography, however,
              is never permitted.
       In addition, the following activities are prohibited anywhere on Exchange premises:
       M. Any behavior, speech or actions that are detrimental to the interests and good name of the Exchange
            (this includes any conduct which is a violation of any local, state or federal law);
       N. Profanity, vulgarity (including wearing buttons with crude or offensive slogans or pictures) or any speech
            or action that tends to intimidate, degrade or endanger others;
       O. Defacing or otherwise damaging: 1) an Exchange-issued badge or jacket; 2) Exchange facilities or
            property; or 3) any facility or property regardless of ownership;
       P. Possessing a firearm or other weapon;
       Q. Discarding refuse on escalators or in elevators or in hallways or lobbies; and
       R. Harassment related to race/color, sex/gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, veteran status, national
            origin and disability/medical condition is expressly prohibited.
III.   Appearance
       A. All apparel should be neat, clean, presentable and in keeping with the businesslike atmosphere of the
          trading floor.
       B. Jackets: Where required, every member, member's employee, member firm employee and Exchange
          trading floor employee must wear a jacket provided by the Exchange or their employer, or, in the case
          of members, a jacket of their own choosing. All jackets must conform to Exchange standards. Guests
          may not wear trading jackets on the trading floor during trading hours.
       C. Shirts: All men must wear shirts with a collar suitable for a necktie or bow tie. Shirts must be buttoned
          to at least the second button from the collar. Golf-type shirts are permitted. Shirttails must be tucked in.
          Turtleneck sweaters are not allowed for men. Crewneck sweaters are allowed if a conventional collar
          suitable for a necktie or bow tie is visible. Sweatshirts, tie-dye shirts and T-shirts are prohibited.
       D. Shoes: Shoes must be clean, safe and not torn or frayed. The following footwear is specifically
          prohibited: all shoes without backs, canvas slippers, moccasins, rubber boots, rubber overshoes, clogs,
          bedroom slippers, and shoes with platforms over 2 inches. All shoes must be tied with laces or
          appropriately fastened.
       E. Pants: The following pants are specifically prohibited: blue jeans, shorts and sweat pants. Tight-fitting
          stretch pants are allowed only when worn with blouse or shirt at mid-thigh or lower.
       F. Skirts and dresses: Skirts and dresses must reach mid-thigh or lower.
       G. Headwear: All headgear or head coverings are prohibited, except for religious or medical reasons.
       H. Miscellaneous: The following are specifically prohibited: sunglasses, ornaments, pendants or similar
          items that are distracting or unbusinesslike. Clothing or accessories that draw unusual attention will be
          deemed unbusinesslike and not permitted on the trading floor.
IV.    Drug and Alcohol Abuse
       In order to maintain a safe, healthful, and productive working environment, the Exchange has established
       the following policy prohibiting drug and alcohol use on Exchange premises.
       The following activities are prohibited and may result in disciplinary action, including immediate and
       permanent bar of access to Exchange premises:
            A. Possession of open containers or use of alcohol, except as expressly authorized by the Exchange.
            B. Being under the influence of alcohol on Exchange premises.
            C. Use, sale, purchase, transfer, or possession of any illegal drug on Exchange premises.
            D. Failure on the part of non-members to submit to a reasonable search by authorized Exchange
            personnel of lunch boxes, bags, parcels, packages, purses, briefcases, pockets or coats, etc.
       Members and Member Firms are responsible for their employees’ strict adherence to these requirements.


QUOTATION CHANGES
I.     GENERAL PROCEDURES
       A.   Corrections requested up to 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly
            occurred: Changes must be authorized by a member of the Pit Committee or an Exchange Official.
       B.   Corrections requested more than 15 minutes from the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly
            occurred: Changes must be authorized by:
           1. 15-30 Minutes: A member of the Pit Committee and one Exchange Official.
           2. Over 30 Minutes: A member of the Pit Committee, a member of the Floor Conduct Committee and
              a Senior Exchange Official.
      C. Unanimous Approval Required: Unanimous approval among the individuals participating in the quote
         change consideration is required to effectuate the requested change. In the absence of unanimity, the
         proposed quote adjustment shall not be made.
      D. A request for a quote change which results in a new high or low for the day must be made within 5
         minutes (futures) or 10 minutes (options) of the time the bid, offer or trade occurred or reportedly
         occurred.
         A request for a quote change which affects an established opening range must be made within 15
         minutes after the posting of the range, or, in the case of a request for a quote change which affects an
         established closing range, within 10 minutes of the posting of the closing range. Such requests shall be
         considered by a member of the Pit Committee, a Floor Conduct Committee member and a Senior
         Exchange Official. Failure to make such a timely request will bar consideration of the quote change.
         The time limitations described in this Section D will not apply in the case of options strikes or futures
         contracts deemed by a Senior Exchange Official to be inactive or illiquid or in the case of a fast market
         designation. These requests may be considered by a member of the Pit Committee, a Floor Conduct
         Committee member and a Senior Exchange Official at any time during the same day’s trading session.
      E A decision to adjust a quote must be made within 15 minutes after a quote change request has been
         made. However, in the event a fast market has been declared while the quote adjustment is under
         consideration, the period for consideration may continue for 15 minutes after the end of the fast market.
         To the extent practicable, quote change adjustments shall be announced to the pit.
      F. Reconsideration: Once a request for a particular quote change has been resolved, or if no decision is
         reached within the allotted time pursuant to paragraph 5 above, a subsequent request for
         reconsideration involving the original quote or adjustment may be considered if a Senior Exchange
         Official deems that new relevant information pertaining to the original request is now available. Such
         request for reconsideration must be considered by the same individuals who ruled on, or failed to reach
         a timely resolution of, the original request. In the event one or more of the individuals who participated
         in the consideration of the original quote change request is unavailable to consider the request for
         reconsideration, a Senior Exchange Official shall designate a substitute. However, this reconsideration
         process may not be utilized for a correction involving a quote change which results in a new high or low
         for the day, with the exception of option strikes or futures contracts deemed by a Senior Exchange
         Official to be inactive or illiquid, or in declared fast markets.
      G. Requests for Next Day Corrections
         If an outright options or options spread or combination quote has been inadvertently omitted from the
         price reporting system and such omission is not discovered until after the trading session, trades may
         be allowed to clear at the omitted price at any time prior to the opening of the affected market the next
         day, provided that all of the following requirements are satisfied:
         1. The parties to the trade can reasonably show that they properly reported the trade price and had a
              reasonable basis for believing that the trade price would be posted;
         2. The parties to the trade produce documentation of: a) the contemporaneous recordation of the
              trade; b) the confirmation of the trade to the customer of the member firm representing the order;
              and c) the submission of the trade to the Exchange Clearing House and its failure to clear the trade
              due to a price edit;
         3. The change is authorized by a Senior Exchange Official; and
         4. The change is documented pursuant to Section II.B below.
II.   DOCUMENTATION NEEDED FOR QUOTATION CHANGES
      A.   In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.A., a record shall be made of all
           committee members or Exchange employees approving the quote change and the change will be
           recorded on Time and Sales.
      B.   In the case of quote changes requested pursuant to Section I.B.1., a hard copy record of the quote
           change shall be made by Exchange staff. The individuals approving the change shall promptly sign the
           record. The record shall be time-stamped upon request and again upon approval and shall include the
           reason for the change, and, in the case of a quote change requested pursuant to Section I.B.2., the
           reason for the delay. For all approved quotation changes other than next day corrections pursuant to
           Section I.G above, the quotation change will be recorded on Time and Sales.
III.   CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
       No individual may authorize any quotation change, insertion or cancellation if such individual has a personal
       or financial interest in such change, insertion or cancellation.
IV.    AUTHORITY OF SENIOR EXCHANGE OFFICIALS WITH RESPECT TO QUOTATION CHANGES
       Senior Exchange Officials may review and authorize any request for a quotation change in circumstances
       where the individuals specified in Sections I and II are otherwise not available or where the change is not
       encompassed by Section I or II. Notwithstanding the procedures set forth in Sections I and II, Senior
       Exchange Officials are empowered to authorize or deny any requested change only in circumstances where
       such action is necessary to ensure the integrity or promote the orderly functioning of the market. Such
       decisions by Senior Exchange Officials shall be documented and signed by the Senior Exchange Official
       and except for next day corrections pursuant to Section I.G above, the quotation change will be recorded on
       Time and Sales.




POSITION LIMIT, POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTABLE LEVEL TABLE

       View table here (XLS)

SPECIAL PRICE FLUCTUATION LIMITS TABLE

       View table here (XLS)
