                                                                          C.F.T.C.
                                                                OFFICE OF THE SECRETARIAT
CMEGroup
A CME/Cilleago Board of lhi<M/NYMEX Company
                                                                2009 SEP l Prll2 0~
August 31 , 2009

Mr. David Stawick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20581

                         RE:         NYMEX & COM EX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA0907 -4
                                     NYMEX Submission No. 09-189

Dear Mr. Stawick:

The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. ("NYMEX" or "Exchange") hereby notifies the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission that it will issue NYMEX & COM EX Market Regulation
Advisory Notice RA0907-4 on September 1, 2009, informing the NYMEX and COM EX
membership about the upcoming September 14, 2009, adoption of new Rule 524 ("Trading at
Settlement (''TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions") resulting from the harmonization
of NYMEX and COMEX trade practice rules with the rules of CME and CBOT. The Advisory
Notice presents the text of the new rule and includes information on those products and contract
months in which TAS and MO transactions are permitted.

A copy of the Advisory Notice appears on the next page.

The Exchange certifies that the Advisory Notice complies with the Commodity Exchange Act
and regulations thereunder.

If you have any questions regarding the Advisory Notice, please contact Robert Sniegowski,
Market Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or me at 312.648.5422. Please reference NYMEX
Submission No. 09-189 in any related correspondence.

Sincerely,



/s/ Stephen M. Szarmack
Director and Associate General Counsel


7761
                    MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE




Effective September 14, 2009, NYMEX & COMEX will adopt new Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement
(''TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions") as a result of the harmonization of NYMEX and
COM EX trade practice rules with the rules of CME and CBOT. On that date, new Rule 524 will replace
Rules 6.408, 11 G.30 and 104.42.

The commodities and contract months in which TAS and MO transactions may take place are set forth
below, followed by the text of the rule.

Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions

TAS transactions may take place in the following futures contract months:

                                           Pit-Traded Contracts

Light "Sweet" Crude Oil- spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and 7th months
New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil- spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
Natural Gas- spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
NY Harbor Gasoline Blendstock (RBOB)- spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

                                          CME Globex Contracts

Commodity
Code on                          Name & Contract Months                           Cleared Product
CME Globex

   WST           WTI Crude Oil Financial - spot, 2nd and 3rd months                    WS
   RTI           RBOB Gasoline Financial - spot, 2nd and 3rd months                    RT
   BHT           Heating Oil Financial -spot, 2nd and 3rd months                       BH
   HPT           Natural Gas Financial -spot, 2nd and 3rd months                       HP
   HHT           Natural Gas Financial (Last Day)- spot, 2nd and 3rd months            HH
   BBT           Brent Crude Oil Financial - spot, 2nd and 3rd months                  BB
   CLT           Light "Sweet" Crude Oil                                               CL
                 spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and 7th months
   HOT           Heating Oil                                                           HO
                 spot (except on the last trading day, 2nd and 3rd months
   NGT            Natural Gas                                                             NG
                  spot (except on the last trading day), 2"d and 3rd months
   RBT            RBOB Gasoline                                                           RB
                  spot (except on the last trading day), 2"d and 3rd months
   RET            REBCO                                                                   RE
                  spot (except on the last trading day), 2"d and 3rd months

Matched Orders C"MO")

MO transactions may take place in the following pit-traded futures contract months:

Copper- spot and next four -consecutive months
Aluminum- spot and next four consecutive months

Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:

                                  Nancy Minett, Director, 212.299.2940
                           Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, 212.299.2880


Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement C"TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions")

The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS and
MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1.       TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and must be
identified as such on the member's trading records.
2. TAS transactions on Globex may take place at any time the applicable contracts are available for
trading on Globex.
3. TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of trading in
an expiring contract.
4.       TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.8. Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1. The price of the MO will be the settlement price for that contract.
2. Only Market on Close ("MOC") orders are eligible to trade as an MO. Members may execute an
MOC order during an eligible MO time period as an MO unless specific instructions to the contrary are
provided, and such instructions are denoted on the order. Failure to enter specific instructions when
placing the MOC order will forfeit a customer's right to cancel the MOC, in whole or in part, if the order or
any portion of the order has been previously executed. An MOC order executed as an MO must be
reported to the customer as an MO upon execution. An order entered as an MO will be executed during
the closing period as an MOC order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be
executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
designated as such at the time the order is placed.
3. Members must identify an MOC order executed as an MO on their trading record.
