                                                                        C.F.T.C.
                                                               OFF!OE OF THE SECHE'fARIAT
CMEGroup                                                       4010: ~.t.B. 2 Pl 1 2 5S
                                                                               1
A CME/Chfcago Board of lfado/NYMEX Company




February 2, 2010

Mr. David Stawick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20581

                        RE:         NYMEX & COM EX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1001-4 and
                                    NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1002-4
                                    NYMEX & COMEX Submission No. 10-036R

Dear Mr. Stawick:

This revised submission replaces Submission 10-036 which was self-certified on February 1,
2010. The revision is being issued to correct a typographical error in Market Regulation
Advisory Notice RA 1002-4 wherein the second paragraph inaccurately listed 75.16 as the
settlement price of the April Qontract in the last citation of the settlement price at the end of the
second paragraph. A revised notice has been issued to the marketplace and this filing corrects
the error in the Advisory Notice included with this submission.

The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. ("NYMEX") and Commodity Exchange, Inc.
("COMEX") (collectively, "the Exchanges") hereby notify the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission that they will issue NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notices
RA1001-4 and RA1002-4 on February 2, 2010, concerning the upcoming launch of Trading at
Settlement ("TAS") pricing for four NYMEX energy calendar spreads on CME Globex on
February 7 (for trade date February 8) and on the NYMEX trading floor on February 8. Upon
launch, intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby/second month spread and the second
month/third month spread may be executed on CME Globex or the NYMEX trading floor and
priced at TAS in the following products: Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No.2 Heating
Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline.

At launch, these spreads will also be eligible to trade as TAS block trades pursuant to the
requirements of Rule 526 ("Block Trades"). Information concerning block trading in these
spreads is included in RA 1001-4. Information on the availability of TAS pricing for these
spreads, in addition to examples of the pricing methodology is included in RA 1002-4.

A copy of the Advisory Notices is included with this submission.

The Exchanges certify that the Advisory Notices comply with the Commodity Exchange Act and
regulations thereunder.

If you have any questions regarding the Advisory Notices, please contact Robert Sniegowski,
Market Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or me at 312.648.5422. Please reference NYMEX/COMEX
Submission No. 10-036R in any related correspondence.
Sincerely,



/s/ Stephen M. Szarmack
Regulatory Counsel

8068
                     MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE.


Exchange                   NYMEX & COMEX
Subject                    Block Trades
Rule References            Rule 526
Advisory Date              February 2, 2010
Advisorry Number           NYMEX & COMEX RA 1001-4
Effective Date             February 7, 2010

This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA0915-4 from
December 29. It is being reissued to incorporate information into Section 5 of this Advisory Notice
concerning Trading at Settlement ("TAS") block trades based on the launch of TAS in four NYMEX intra-
commodity energy futures calendar spreads trading on CME Globex (February 7 for trade date February
8) and on the trading floor (February 8). Upon launch, intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby
month/second month spread and the second month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New
York Harbor No. 2 Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline may be executed on CME
Globex, executed on the trading floor or executed as block trades and priced at TAS. Additional
information on trading these calendar spreads at TAS is included in today's release of CME Group
Special Executive Report S-5124.

Block trades in NYMEX and COMEX products are governed by Rule 526 and the information provided in
this Advisory Notice.

A complete list of NYMEX and COMEX products in which block trading is permitted and the relevant
quantity thresholds appear in Section 11 on page 4. The text of Rule 526 appears in Section 13 on
page 5.

1.      Definition of Block Trades

Block trades are privately negotiated futures, options or combination transactions that meet certain
quantity thresholds which are permitted to be executed apart from the public auction market. All block
trades are subject to the conditions set forth in NYMEX and COMEX Rule 526 and in this Advisory
Notice.

2.      Participation in Block Trades

Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined in Section
1a(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Eligible Contract Participants generally include exchange
members and member firms, broker/dealers, government entities, pension funds, commodity· pools,
corporations, investment companies, insurance companies, depository institutions and high net-worth
individuals. Commodity trading advisors and investment advisors who are registered or exempt from
registration, and foreign persons performing a similar role and subject as such to foreign regulation, may
participate in block transactions provided they have total assets under management exceeding $25
million and the block trade is suitable for their customers.

A customer order may be executed by means of a block trade only if the customer has specified that the
order be executed as a block trade.
 Orders may not be bunched to meet the minimum block quantity thresholds.

3.       Time and Prices of Block Trades

Block trades may be executed at any time, including times during which the public auction market is
closed.

Block trades must be transacted at prices that are "fair and reasonable" in light of (i) the size of the
transaction, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract at the relevant time, (iii) the
prices and sizes of transactions in other relevant markets, including, without limitation, the underlying
cash market or related futures markets, at the relevant time, and (iv) the circumstances of the markets or
the parties to the block trade.

The trade price must be consistent with the minimum tick increment for the market in question.
Additionally, each outright transaction and each leg of any block eligible spread or combination trade
must be executed at a single price.

Block trade prices are reported independently of transaction prices in the regular market and are not
included as part of the daily trading range. Block trade prices do not elect conditional orders (e.g. stop
orders) or otherwise affect orders in the regular market.

4.       Block Trade Minimum Quantities for Outrights, Spreads and Combinations

The block trade minimum quantity requirements for outright futures and options are set forth in the list of
block trade eligible products in Section 11 which begins on pag~ 4 of this Advisory Notice. In order to be
executed as a block trade, each leg of the spread or combination (including intra-commodity, inter-
commodity and options/futures spreads) must be block-eligible and the quantity of each leg of the spread
must meet the designated minimum quantity threshold.

5.      TAS Block Trades

Certain block-eligible futures contract months may be executed as block trades and assigned the current
day's settlement price or any valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price
("TAS block trades").

Additionally, intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread and the
second month/third month spread may be executed as block trades in the following four NYMEX energy
futures contracts: Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas
and RBOB Gasoline.

The pricing of the legs of theTAS calendar spread block trade will be calculated by assigning the
settlement price to the nearby leg of the spread. The far leg will be priced by applying theTAS price (the
settlement price or any valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower) to the far leg settlement price and
then subtracting that price from the nearby month leg price.

TAS block trades, including eligible TAS calendar spread block trades, may not be executed on the last
day of trading in an expiring contract.

The products and contract months in which TAS block trades are permitted appear in Section 11 which
begins on page 4.

6.      Block Trade Reporting Requirements

a) Time Requirements

Block trades must be reported to the exchange by the seller within five minutes of the transaction.
b) Reporting Methods

Block trades must be reported to the exchange via one of the methods described below.

         i) CME ClearPort

Block trades may be reported to the CME ClearPort Block Trade Facilitation Desk by calling
1.866.246.9639. Additionally, block trades may be electronically submitted directly to CME Clearing via
CME ClearPort. For information on reporting block trades through CME ClearPort, please contact
customer seNice at 1.800.438.8616 or via email at ClearPort@cmegroup.com.

         ii) Trading Floor

Block trades negotiated on the trading floor must be reported to exchange staff at the Master Pulpit.

c) Information Required when Reporting Block Trades

When reporting a block trade, the following information will be required:

     •   Contract, contract month and contract year for futures, and, additionally for options, strike price
         and put or call designation;
     •   Quantity of the trade or, for spreads and combinations, the quantity of each leg of the trade;
     •   Price of the trade or, for spreads and combinations, the price of each leg of the trade;
     •   Buyer's clearing firm and seller's clearing firm;
     •   Name and phone number of the representative reporting the trade (for floor reporting only); and
     •   Execution time (in Eastern Time) of the trade (i.e. the time at which the trade was consummated)
         (for floor reporting only).

7.       Block Trade Submission Requirements to CME Clearing

Block trades reported to the trading floor must be entered by the seller or his designated representative
into the CME clearing syst\3m within 30 minutes of execution and must contain the material terms of the
trade, including the allocation to the correct clearing firm unless the trade will clear at the seller's
qualifying clearing member firm. Within 60 minutes of execution and after entry by the seller, the buyer or
his designated representative must enter into the CME clearing system a time of execution for the trade,
note any disagreement with any of the terms of the trade entered by the seller, and allocate the trade to
the correct clearing firm unless the trade will clear at the buyer's qualifying clearing member firm. When
reporting spread or combination transactions, each leg must be entered individually. Separate
submission to the CME clearing system is not required in the event that the block trade is directly entered
into CME ClearPort or reported to the CME ClearPort Facilitation Desk.

8.       Block Trade Recordkeepinq

Complete order records for block trades must be created and maintained, just as with any other
transaction. However, as noted above, the time of execution of the block trade must also be recorded.

9.       Dissemination of Block Trade Information

Block trade information is displayed on the trading floor.
Block trade prices are published separately from transactions in the regular market.

Block trade volume is also included with other privately negotiated transactions in the daily volume
reports published by the exchange.
 10.       Pre-Execution Communications

 The prohibition on prearranged trading and the requirements related to pre-execution communications
 with respect to certain Globex trades set forth in Rule 539 do not apply to block trades.

 11.       NYMEX & COMEX Block Trade-Eligible Products

                                                                            TAS-Eiigible Futures
            Products                                    Futures                                            Options
                                                                             Contract Months
Brent Financial                                     100 contracts              spot, 2"d and 3'd         Not available
Brent Crude Oil Last Day                            100 contracts                                        Not available
~-~--~~.~--     --~-   ----~-~-~r-~---,.




Light Sweet Crude Oil                               200 contracts            spot, 2"d, 3'd and ih       1,000 contracts
~~----·~~--···----~--~-·----~~~-----·~~-~----~-~-·-~-~-~~--~ ·-·-·-·--·----~-~--    ···-··-~--~------~~~·-·-----~---~~


Gulf Coast Sour Crude Oil                           200 contracts                                        Not available
New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil                    100 contracts             spot, 2"d and 3'd          300 contracts
Henry Hub Natural Gas                               100 contracts             spot, 2"d and 3'd          1,600 contracts
                                                                                                   -----
European-Style Natural Gas                          Not available                                       550 contracts
Gulf Coast Gasoline                                 100 contracts                                       Not available
Gulf Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel                  100 contracts                                       Not available
New York Harbor Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel             100 contracts                                       Not available
RBOB Gasoline                                       100 contracts             spot, 2"d and 3'd         350 contracts
NYMEX Cocoa                                         100 contracts                                       Not available
NYMEX Coffee                                        100 contracts                                       Not available
NYMEX Cotton                                        100 contracts                                       Not available
NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                  100 contracts                                       Not available
Gold                                                200 contracts                                       300 contracts
Silver                                              200 contracts                                       150 contracts
Copper                                              100 contracts                                       Not available

12.        Contact Information

Questions regarding this advisory may be directed to the following individuals:

Market Regulation:                   Anthony Densieski, Director                            212.299.2881

CME Clearing:                        CME Clearing Support                                   312.207.2525

For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate
Communications at 312.930.3434 .or news@cmegroup.com.

13.       Text of NYMEX & COMEX Rule 526

Rule 526      BLOCK TRADES
The Exchange shall designate the products in which block trades shall be permitted and determine the minimum
quantity thresholds for such transactions. The following shall govern block trades:
A.     A block trade must be for a quantity that is at or in excess of the applicable minimum threshold. Orders may
       not be aggregated in order to achieve the minimum transaction size, except by those entities described in
       Sections I. and J.
B.     Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined in Section 1a(12) of
       the Commodity Exchange Act.
C.   A member shall not execute any order by means of a block trade for a customer unless such customer has
     specified that the order be executed as a block trade.                              ·
D.   The price at which a block trade is executed must be fair and reasonable in light of (i) the size of the block
     trade, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract at the relevant time, (iii) the prices and
     sizes of transactions in other relevant markets, including without limitation the underlying cash market or related
     futures markets, at the relevant time, and (iv) the circumstances of the markets or the parties to the block trade.
E.   Block trades shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or otherwise affect orders in
     the regular market.
F.   The seller must ensure that each block trade is reported to the Exchange within five minutes of the time of
     execution. The report must include the contract, contract month, price, quantity of the transaction, the
     respective clearing members, the time of execution, and, for options, strike price, put or call and expiration
     month. The Exchange shall promptly publish such information separately from the reports of transactions in the
     regular market.
G.   Block trades must.be reported to the Clearing House in accordance with an approved reporting method.
H.   Clearing members and members involved in the execution of block trades must maintain a record of the
     transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
I.   A commodity trading advi.sor ("CTA") registered or exempt from registration under the Act, including, without
     limitation, any investment advisor registered or exempt from registration under the Investment Advisors Act of
     1940, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and D., provided such advisors have
     total assets under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is suitable for the customers of such
     advisors.
J.   A foreign Person performing a similar role or function to aCTA or investment advisor as described in Section I,
     and subject as such to foreign regulation, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and
     D., provided such Persons have total assets under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is
     suitable for the customers of such Persons.
                     MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE


Exchange                   NYMEX & COMEX
Subject                    Trading at Settlement and Matched Order Transactions
Rule References            Rule 524
Advisory Date              February 2, 2010
Advisory Numbel'           NYMEX & COMEX RA1002-4 (Revised)
Effective Date             February 7, 2010

This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COM EX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA0914-4 from
December 10, 2009. It is being reissued based on the launch of Trading at Settlement ("TAS") in four
NYMEX intra-commodity energy futures calendar spreads trading on CME Globex (February 7 for trade
date February 8) and on the trading floor (February 8). Upon launch, intra-commodity calendar spreads
in the nearby month/second month spread and the second month/third month spread in Light Sweet
Crude Oil, New York Harbor No. 2 Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline may be
executed on CME Globex or on the trading floor and priced at TAS.

The pricing of the legs of a TAS calendar spread will be calculated by assigning the settlement price to
the nearby leg of the spread. The far leg will be priced by applying theTAS price (the settlement price or
any valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower) to the far leg settlement price and then subtracting that
price from the nearby month leg price.

       ·Example 1:

        Buy the March 201 0/April 2010 (H/J) Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar spread at
        TAS -1. Assume the March contract settles at 74.71 and the April contract
        settles at 75.15.

        The March leg will be priced at the March settlement price of 74. 71. The April leg
        will be priced at 75.16 (the April settlement price of 75.15 minus theTAS price of
        -1, or75.15-(-.01).

        Example 2:

        Buy the April 201 0/May 2010 (J/K) Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar spread at
        TAS +3. Assume the April contract settles at 5.411 and the May contract settles
        at 5.459.

        The April leg will priced at the April settlement price of 5.411. The May leg will be
        priced at 5.456 (the May settlement price of 5.459 minus theTAS priqe of +3, or
        5.459- (.003).

These spreads have been incorporated into the list of products eligible for TAS pursuant to Rule 524
("Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions") which begins on the next page
of this Advisory Notice. Additional information on trading these spreads at TAS is included in today's
release of CME Group Special Executive Report S-5124.
All market partiCipants are reminded that misuse of TAS (including TAS block trades) or MO trades to
acquire a position in order to unfairly affect or attempt to unfairly affect a settlement price may subject the
member and/or the market participant to disciplinary action for any of a number of rule violations,
including, but not limited to:

     •   price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
     •   wash trading
     •   conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange

Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving TAS or MO
trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants and whether the offset of
those positions during the close was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to cause
aberrant price movement during the close.

The list of commo~lities and contract months in which TAS and MO transactions may take place begins
below and continues on pages 2 and 3 of this Advisory Notice and is followed by the text of Rule 524.

Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions

TAS transactions may take place in the following futures contract months:
                                            Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil                                                     ·
              spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months
              nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
               spot (except on the last trading day)
New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
             nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
Henry Hub Natural Gas                                ·
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
             nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
RBOB Gasoline
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
             nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
Gulf Coast Gasoline
              spot (except on the last trading day)
Gulf Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD)
               spot (except on the last trading day)
NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index
            spot (except on the last trading day)
NYMEX Crude Oil MACIIndex
            spot (except on the last trading day)
                                       CME Globex Contracts

Commodity
Code on                       Name & Contract Months                             Cleared Product
CME Globex

  CLT        Light Sweet Crude Oil                                                    CL
             spot (except on the last trading day), znd, 3rd and ih months and
             nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
             (except on last trading day)

  8ZT        Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                       8Z
             spot (except on the last trading day)

  88T        Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial                                    88
             Spot, znd and 3rd months

  HOT        New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                                        HO
             spot (except on the last trading day, znd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
             (except on last trading day)

  NGT        Henry Hub Natural Gas                                                    NG
             spot (except on the last trading day), znd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
             (except on last trading day)

  R8T        RBOB Gasoline                                                            R8
             spot (except on the last trading day), znd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month and second/third month calendar spreads
             (except on last trading day)

  LRT        Gulf ~oast Gasoline                                                      LR
             spot (except on the last trading day)

  LUT        Gulf Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD)                                LU
             spot (except on the last trading day)

  KTT        NYMEX Coffee                                                             KT
             spot (except on the last trading day)

 CJT         NYMEX Cocoa                                                              CJ
             spot (except on the last trading day)

 TTT         NYMEX Cotton                                                            TT
             spot (except on the last trading day)

 YOT         NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                                      YO
             spot (except on the last trading day)
 Commodity
 Code on                          Name & Contract Months                          Cleared Product
 CME Globex


     XKT         NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (8/C) Index                     XK
                 spot (except on the last trading day)


     XCT         NYMEX Crude Oil MACIIndex                                              XC
                 spot (except on the last trading day)


     RET         REBCO                                                                  RE
                 spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

Matched Orders {"MO")

MO transactions may take place in the following pit-traded futures contract months:

Copper- spot and next four consecutive months

Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:

                                   Nancy Minett, Director, 212.299.2940
                           Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, 212.299.2880


For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate
Communications at 312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.


Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS and
MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1.   TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and
     must be identified as such on the member's trading records.
2.   TAS transactions on Globex may take place at any time the applicable contracts are available for
     trading on Globex.                                      ·
3.   TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
     trading in an expiring contract.
4.   TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
     increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.8. Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1. The price of the MO will be the settlement price for that contract ..
2. Only Market on Close ("MOC") orders are eligible to trade as an MO. Members may execute an
   MOC order during an eligible MO time period as an MO unless specific instructions to the contrary
   are provided, and such instructions are denoted on the order. Failure to enter specific instructions
   when placing the MOC order will forfeit a customer's right to cancel the MOC, in whole or in part, if
   the order or any portion of the order has been previously executed. An MOC order executed as an
   MO must be reported to the customer as an MO upon execution. An order entered as an MO will be
   executed during the closing period as an MOC order if not previously executed as an MO or
   specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution
   only as an MO must be designated as such at the time the order is placed.
3. Members must identify an MOC order executed as an MO on their trading record.
