                                                                                                         Sean M. Downey
                                                                             Senior Director and Associate General Counsel
                                                                                                         Legal Department


February 26, 2013

VIA E-MAIL

Ms. Melissa Jurgens
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20581


        RE:     Regulation 40.6(a) Rule Certification. New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. &
                Commodity Exchange, Inc.
                Submission # 13-063: Addition of Second and Third Contract Months of Brent
                Crude Oil Last Day Financial Futures as TAS-Eligible Contract Months and
                Issuance NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1303-4

Dear Ms. Jurgens:

New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. (“NYMEX”) is notifying the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
(“CFTC” or “Commission”) that it is self-certifying via this Submission the addition of the second and third
contract months of Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures (“BZ”) to the list of contract months eligible
to trade at settlement pursuant to NYMEX Rule 524 (“Trading at Settlement (“TAS”), Trading at Marker
(“TAM”) and Matched Order (“MO”) Transactions”). Effective on Sunday, March 17, 2013, for trade date
Monday, March 18, 2013, TAS transactions in the second and third contract months will be eligible to
trade on CME Globex and, on March 18, 2013, in the trading pit. In connection with the addition of the
second and third contract months, NYMEX and Commodity Exchange, Inc. (“COMEX”) are self-certifying
the issuance of NYMEX and COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1303-4 (“RA1303-4”).

The change is based on customer demand given that the commercial marketplace ties its Brent contract
pricing to the first, second and third futures contract month settlement prices. The availability of TAS in
the second and third contract months of BZ will provide an additional useful hedging tool to commercial
market participants.

The Market Regulation Department and the Legal Department collectively reviewed the designated
contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in the Commodity Exchange Act (“Act”).
During the review, we have identified that the changes described in this Submission may have some
bearing on the following Core Principles:

        Compliance with Rules: TAS trades in the second and third contract months of BZ will be subject
        to Chapter 4 of the Exchange rules which includes prohibitions against fraudulent, unfair and
        abusive trading practices, including transactions executed in accordance with the provisions of
        Rule 524. TAS block trades are subject to extensive monitoring and surveillance by CME
        Group’s Market Regulation Department. The Market Regulation Department may use its
        investigatory and enforcement power where potential rule violations are identified during its
        regular surveillance reviews;
        Contracts Not Readily Subject to Manipulation: TAS transactions in BZ are not readily subject to
        manipulation as they are priced by reference to the closing price in the liquid underlying BZ
        contract listed for trading by NYMEX. Additionally, market participants have routinely been
        reminded that any attempted misuse of TAS transactions will subject the market participant to
        disciplinary action, and this reminder is again included in RA1303-4;
        Prevention of Market Disruption: TAS trades are uniquely identifiable in the trade data available
        to the Market Regulation Department and information on the time and prices of TAS trades are
        reported separately from non-TAS BZ transactions executed in the pit, on CME Globex or as
        block trades. Additionally, as noted above, these transactions will be subject to extensive
        monitoring and surveillance by the Market Regulation Department;
        Availability of General Information: In connection with the addition of the second and third
        contract months of BZ to the list of TAS-eligible contract months, the Market Regulation
        Department is issuing an updated Market Regulation Advisory Notice concerning Rule 524 which
        provides extensive regulatory guidance to market participants with respect to TAS, TAM and MO
        transactions;
        Daily Publication of Trading Information: As noted above, TAS prices are always reported
        independently of non-TAS transaction prices whether executed in the pit, on CME Globex or as
        block trades;

RA1303-4 is set forth in Exhibit A.

NYMEX certifies that the addition of the second and third contract months of BZ to the list of contract
months eligible to trade at settlement pursuant to NYMEX Rule 524 complies with the Commodity
Exchange Act (“CEA”) and regulations thereunder. Additionally, NYMEX and COMEX certify that the
issuance of RA1303-4 complies with the Act and regulations thereunder.

There were no opposing views to the changes or to the issuance of RA1303-4.

The Exchanges certify that this submission has been concurrently posted on the CME Group website at
http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html.

If you have any questions regarding this submission, please contact Robert Sniegowski, Market
Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or via email at Robert.Sniegowski@cmegroup. Alternatively, you may
contact me at 312.930.8167 or via email at Sean.Downey@cmegroup.com.         Please reference
NYMEX/COMEX Submission # 13-063 in any related correspondence.


                                               Sincerely,


                                               /s/ Sean Downey
                                               Senior Director & Associate General Counsel



Attachments:    Exhibit A – RA1303-4
                                               EXHIBIT A

                    MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE
______________________________________________________________________

Exchange                   NYMEX & COMEX
                           Trading at Settlement (“TAS”), Trading at Marker (“TAM”) and
Subject
                           Matched Order (“MO”) Transactions
Rule References            Rule 524
Advisory Date              February 27, 2013
Advisory Number            NYMEX & COMEX RA1303-4
Effective Date             March 18, 2013


This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1301-4 from
January 11, 2013, and is being issued to announce that pending all relevant regulatory review periods,
trading at settlement pursuant to NYMEX & COMEX Rule 524 (“Trading at Settlement (“TAS”), Trading at
Marker (“TAM”) and Matched Order (“MO”) Transactions”) will begin to be permitted in the second and
third contract months of Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures (“BZ”) beginning in the pit on Monday,
March 18, 2013, and on CME Globex on Sunday, March 17, 2013, for trade date Monday, March 18,
2013. TAS trading on CME Globex and in the pit is currently permitted in the first contract month of BZ
and TAM trading on CME Globex based on the London and Singapore markers is currently permitted in
the first three contract months of BZ.

The list of TAS- and TAM-eligible products and contract months appear in Sections 6 and 7 and the text
of NYMEX and COMEX Rule 524 appears in Section 8 of this Advisory Notice.

1.       General Information on TAS, TAM and MO Transactions

TAS transactions may be executed at the current day’s settlement price or at any valid price increment
ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price, and, depending on the particular product, may be
executed in the pit, on CME Globex, or as a block trade.

TAM trading is analogous to existing Trading at Settlement (“TAS”) trading wherein parties are permitted
to trade at a differential to a not-yet-known price. TAM trading uses a marker price, whereas TAS trading
uses the Exchange-determined settlement price for the applicable contract month. As with TAS trading,
parties will be able to enter TAM orders at the TAM price or at a differential between one and ten ticks
higher or lower than the TAM price. TAM transactions may be executed on CME Globex or as a block
trade.

MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures are transactions which are priced at that day’s settlement
price for the contract.

All market participants are reminded that any trading activity that is intended to unfairly affect or to
attempt to unfairly affect a settlement or marker price to benefit a TAS, TAM or MO position, including a
TAS or TAM block position, will subject the member and/or the market participant to disciplinary action for
any of a number of rule violations, including, but not limited to:

     •    price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
     •    wash trading
     •    conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange
Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving TAS, TAM or
MO trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants and whether the offset
of those positions during the close or during the time period used to determine a marker price
was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to cause aberrant price movement during
these periods.

2.       Entry of TAS and TAM Orders on CME Globex

Rule 524 permits the initiation of TAS and TAM orders into CME Globex only subsequent to the beginning
of each group’s pre-open state and during the time period the applicable contracts are available for TAS
or TAM trading on CME Globex. The initiation of any TAS or TAM order on CME Globex outside of these
time periods is strictly prohibited.

Any market participant who initiates the entry of a TAS or TAM order prior to receipt of the market status
message will be subject to disciplinary action by a panel of the Business Conduct Committee,
notwithstanding that the order may have been rejected by the CME Globex system. Sanctions for
noncompliance may include a fine, disgorgement of any profits realized as a result of any orders
accepted by CME Globex which were initiated prior to receipt of the security status message and/or a
suspension of access to the market. Market participants must ensure that they have appropriate
protocols in place to ensure that TAS and TAM orders are not initiated prior to receipt of the security
status message.

3.       TAS and TAM Calendar Spreads

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second month/third
month spread and the nearby month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor
ULSD Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline futures may be executed on CME Globex
or on the trading floor and priced at TAS.

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second month/third
month spread and the nearby/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor ULSD
Heating Oil, RBOB Gasoline and Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures may be executed on CME
Globex and priced at TAM.

The pricing of the legs of a TAS or TAM calendar spread will be calculated as follows:

     •   The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement or marker price, as
         applicable, for that contract month.

     •   The far leg of the spread will be priced at the settlement or marker price, as applicable, for that
         contract minus the allowable TAS or TAM price increment traded (negative 10 through positive
         10), except in circumstances where the traded TAS or TAM price is the actual settlement or
         marker price of the contract.

         Example 1:

         An April 2013/May 2013 Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar spread trades at
         TAS -1 (minus 1). Assume the April contract settles at 93.13 and the May
         contract settles at 93.57.

         The April leg will be priced at the April settlement price of 93.13. The May leg will
         be priced at 93.58, which is the May settlement price of 93.57 minus the TAS
         price increment of -1 (93.57 minus -.01 = 93.58).

         Example 2:

         A March 2013/April 2013 New York Harbor ULSD Heating Oil calendar spread
         trades at TAM +/- 0. Assume the March marker price is 3.1042 and the April
         marker price is 3.1018.
        The March leg will priced at the March marker price of 3.1042. The April leg will
        priced at 3.1018, which is the April marker price.

        Example 3:

        A March 2013/May 2013 Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar spread trades
        at TAS +3. Assume the March contract settles at 3.291 and the May contract
        settles at 3.406.

        The March leg will be priced at the March settlement price of 3.291. The May leg
        will be priced at 3.403, which is the May settlement price of 3.406 minus the TAS
        price increment of +3 (3.406 minus +.003 = 3.403).

4.      TAS on Gold, Silver and Copper Futures

TAS transactions are allowed in the active contract month in Gold and Silver futures trading in the pit or
on CME Globex and in the first active contract month in Copper futures trading on CME Globex. TAS
transactions are not allowed in any pit-traded Copper futures contract month.

In Gold futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months: February, April, June,
August, and December. Accordingly:

        When the February contract becomes spot, the April contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the April contract becomes spot, the June contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the June contract becomes spot, the August contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the August contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month; and
        When the December contract becomes spot, the February contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month.

In Silver and Copper futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months: March,
May, July, September and December. Accordingly:

        When the March contract becomes spot, the May contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the May contract becomes spot, the July contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the July contract becomes spot, the September contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the September contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month; and
        When the December contract becomes spot, the March contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month.

5.      MO Transactions in Pit-Traded Copper Futures

MO transactions in Copper futures are open outcry trades competitively executed in the Copper futures
pit where the trade is priced at that day’s settlement price for the contract. MO transactions in Copper
futures are eligible to be executed in the spot month and the next six consecutive contract months.
Additionally, with the exception of the post close session, members may execute an MO order at any time
the Copper futures pit is open for trading, provided that the order is placed as an MO order. Regular
trading hours for open outcry trading in the Copper futures pit are from 8:10 a.m. until 1:00 p.m. Eastern
Time (“ET”).

Instructions to execute the order as an MO must be denoted on the order and members must identify an
order executed as an MO on their trading record.

An order entered as an MO will be executed by the floor broker as a Market on Close order if the order is
not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An
instruction to execute an order only as an MO must be communicated at the time the order is placed.
6.      TAS-Eligible Products and Contract Months

                                          Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil (CL)
                                                 nd  rd    th
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2 , 3 and 7 months
         nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial (BZ)
         spot (except on the last trading day)
           nd      rd
          2 and 3 months (beginning trade date March 18, 2013)

New York Harbor ULSD Heating Oil (HO)
                                                nd    rd
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months
        nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas (NG)
                                                nd    rd
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months
        nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas Last Day Financial (NN)
                                                nd    rd
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

Henry Hub Natural Gas Look-Alike Last Day Financial (HH)
                                                nd    rd
        Spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

RBOB Gasoline (RB)
                                               nd    rd
       spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months
       nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

European Gasoil (100mt) Bullet (7F)
                                                nd    rd
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

COMEX Gold (GC)
       February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month only)

COMEX Silver (SI)
       March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)


                                         CME Globex Contracts

For compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of a TAS pre-open period is defined by receipt of the
security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open state and the end of a
TAS trading session is defined by receipt of the security status message indicating that group is closed.

TAS orders may not be entered into CME Globex from the end of a TAS trading session until
receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open
state.
Commodity
Code on      Product Name and Contract Months                               Cleared Product
CME Globex

  CLT        Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              CL
                                                     nd  rd    th
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2 , 3 and 7 months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

  BZT        Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                   BZ
             spot (except on the last trading day)
              nd      rd
             2 and 3 months (beginning trade date March 18, 2013)

  BBT        Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial                                BB
                    nd    rd
             Spot, 2 and 3 months

  HOT        New York Harbor ULSD Heating Oil                                   HO
                                                    nd    rd
             spot (except on the last trading day, 2 and 3 months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

  NGT        Henry Hub Natural Gas                                              NG
                                                     nd    rd
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

  NNT        Henry Hub Natural Gas Last Day Financial                             NN
                                                     nd    rd
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

  HHT        Henry Hub Natural Gas Look-Alike Last Day Financial                  HH
                                                     nd    rd
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

  RBT        RBOB Gasoline                                                      RB
                                                     nd    rd
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

  7FT        European Gasoil (100mt) Bullet                                       7F
                                                     nd    rd
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

  KTT        NYMEX Coffee                                                         KT
             spot (except on the last trading day)

  CJT        NYMEX Cocoa                                                          CJ
             spot (except on the last trading day)

  TTT        NYMEX Cotton                                                         TT
             Spot (except on the last trading day)

  YOT        NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                                   YO
             spot (except on the last trading day)

  RET        REBCO                                                                RE
                                                     nd    rd
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

  GCT        COMEX Gold                                                             GC
             February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month only)
Commodity
Code on          Product Name and Contract Months                                Cleared Product
CME Globex

     SIT         COMEX Silver                                                        SI
                 March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)

     HGT         COMEX Copper                                                        HG
                 March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)

7.         TAM-Eligible Products and Contract Months on CME Globex

For compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of a TAM pre-open period is defined by receipt of
the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open state and the end
of a TAM trading session is defined by receipt of the security status message indicating that group is
closed.

TAM orders may not be entered into CME Globex from the end of a TAM trading session until
receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open
state.

Commodity
Code on          Product Name and Contract Months                                Cleared Product
CME Globex
                                            London Markers

     CLL         Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              CL
                        nd    rd
                 spot, 2 and 3 months and
                 nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

     BZL         Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                 BZ
                        nd    rd
                 spot, 2 and 3 months and
                 nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

     HOL         New York Harbor ULSD Heating Oil                                   HO
                        nd    rd
                 spot, 2 and 3 months and
                 nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

     RBL         RBOB Gasoline                                                      RB
                        nd    rd
                 spot, 2 and 3 months and
                 nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

                                          Singapore Markers

     CLS         Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              CL
                        nd    rd
                 spot, 2 and 3 months and
                 nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

     BZS         Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                 BZ
                        nd    rd
                 spot, 2 and 3 months and
                 nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:
                      Nancy Minett, Executive Director, Investigations, 212.299.2940
                        Neil Mazer, Lead Investigator, Investigations, 212.299.2874
             Robert Sniegowski, Senior Director, Rules & Regulatory Outreach, 312.341.5991


For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate Communications at
312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.
8.      Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement (“TAS”), Trading at Marker (“TAM”) and Matched Order (“MO”) Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS,
TAM and MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement (“TAS”) Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1. TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
   requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and
   must be identified as such on the member’s trading records.
2. TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS
   trading on Globex and during each TAS contract’s prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation of
   any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
3. TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
   requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
   trading in an expiring contract.
4. TAS transactions may be executed at the current day’s settlement price or at any valid price
   increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.B. Trading at Marker (“TAM”) Transactions
The following shall govern TAM transactions:
1. TAM orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAM
   trading on Globex and during each TAM contract’s prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation
   of any TAM order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
2. TAM-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
   requirements of Rule 526.
3. TAM transactions may be executed at the current day’s applicable marker price or at any valid price
   increment ten ticks higher or lower than the applicable marker price.
524.C. Matched Order (“MO”) Transactions
MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where the price of
the trade is that day’s settlement price for the contract.
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1. Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post close
   session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as an MO and such
   instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing
   period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to
   be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
   designated as such at the time the order is placed.
2. Members must identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record.
