                                                                 pr. . (.r~j. ;--f'\
                                                                 t=Z i,,'. ". I i~_l :~ \)
                                                                       f ' ;-- "--. ,"',
                                                                       • r,      ,    "




     CMEGroup                                                                                                                      Sean M. Downey
                                                                                                     Associate Director and Assistant General Counsel
                                                                                                                                    Legal DepaItment




October 18, 2011

Mr. David Stawick



Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20581

        RE:       Regulation 40.6(a) Rule Certification: Revisions to NYMEX Rule 524
                  ("Trading at Settlement ("TAS"), Trading at Marker ("TAM"), Matched Order
                  ("MO") Transactions") and Issuance of NYMEX & COMEX Market
                  Regulation Advisory Notices RA1107-4 and RA1108-4

                  New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. and Commodity Exchange, Inc.
                  Submission # 11-381

Dear Mr. Stawick:

The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. ("NYMEX") and Commodity Exchange, Inc.
("COMEX") (collectively, "the Exchanges") are notifying the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission ("CFTC" or "Commission") that they are self-certifying revisions to NYMEX &
COMEX Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement ("TAS"), Trading at Marker ("TAMil) and Matched
Order ("MO") Transactions") to permit for the execution of TAM block trades, effective on trade
date Monday, November 7, 2011. NYMEX & COMEX Rule 524 currently permits for the
execution of TAS block trades and the revisions, upon becoming effective, will allow block
trades in all NYMEX products eligible for execution as TAM transactions.

The minimum quantity thresholds applicable for TAM block trades will be identical to the
minimum quantity thresholds applicable to the underlying futures product. Accordingly, the
minimum threshold for Light Sweet Crude Oil futures and Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
futures TAM transactions will be 100 contracts and the minimum threshold for Heating Oil
futures and RBOB futures TAM transactions will be 50 contracts. NYMEX notes that by setting
the thresholds at the same level applicable to the underlying product, they are being established
at a level that is significantly higher than the volume that could be transacted at a single price if
entered on CME Globex.

Also effective on Monday, November 7, 2011, NYMEX will introduce TAM trading based on the
Platts 3:15 p.m. Eastern Time ("ET") futures assessment ("Platts TAMil) for NYMEX New York
Harbor NO.2. Heating Oil ("Heating Oil") futures and NYMEX RBOB Gasoline ("RBOB") futures.
Platts TAM trading will be available in the first three contract months of Heating Oil futures and
RBOB futures and in intra-commodity spreads between the first and second, first and third and
second and third contract months in those products. As with all other existing TAM and TAS-
eligible futures, Platts TAM in Heating Oil and RBOB will be permitted at the TAM price or at a
differential between one and ten ticks higher or lower than the TAM price. For the Platts TAM,


    20 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606   T 312 930 8167 F 312 930 3323           sean.downey@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com
      the marker price will be the price established and published by Platts. Information on the
      methodology employed by Platts in determining the 3:15 p.m. ET futures assessment price is
      publicly available in a methodology document on the Platts website (link to Platts Methodology
      Statement). Beginning on trade date November 7, Platts TAM will be available for trading on
      CME Globex and will also be eligible for execution as a block trade based on the
      aforementioned revisions to Rule 524.

  Since the launch of TAM trading on June 13, 2011, through September 27,2011, total TAM
  volume based on the London marl<er has been 161 contracts in Heating Oil futures and 784
  contracts in RBOB futures. In setting the Platts TAM block threshold at 50 contracts for both the
  Heating Oil and RBOB futures, based on the current London TAM volume information available,
  NYMEX is reasonably certain that is has established a minimum block trade size that will not be
  able to be filled in its entirety if entered on CME Globex without incurring sUbstantial price
  concessions.

 In connection with the introduction of TAM block trades, NYMEX & COMEX will issue Market
 Regulation Advisory Notices RA 1107-4 and RA 1108-4 on Wednesday, November 2. RA 1107-4
 concerns TAS, TAM and MO transactions and has been updated to include information on the
 launch of the Platts TAM. RA1108-4 concerns block trades and has been updated to include
 the block trade minimum threshold levels for TAM blocks. A copy of both Advisory Notices is
 included with this Submission.

 The Market Regulation Department and the Legal Department collectively reviewed the
 designated contract market core principles ("Core Principles") as set forth in the Commodity
 Exchange Act ("CEN). During the review, we have identified that the revisions to NYMEX and
 COMEX Rule 524 may have some bearing on the following Core Principles:

 E'I     Compliance with Rules: TAM block trades will be subject to Chapter 4 of the Exchange
         rules which includes prohibitions against fraudulent, unfair and abusive trading practices and
         to revised Rule 524 and NYMEX Rule 526 ("Block Trades"). As such, TAM block trades will
         be subject to extensive monitoring and surveillance by CME Group's Market Regulation
         Department. The Market Regulation Department may use its investigatory and enforcement
         power where potential rule violations are identified during its regular surveillance reviews;
 o       Contracts Not Readily Subject to Manipulation: While these contracts are not readily subject
        to manipulation as they are based on the established and highly liquid underlying energy
         contracts listed for trading by NYMEX, market participants have routinely been reminded
        that any attempted misuse of the transactions will subject the market participant to
        disciplinary action. This reminder is included in RA1107-4;
E'I      Prevention of Market Disruption: TAM block trades will be uniquely identifiable in the trade
        data available to the Market Regulation Department and information on the time and prices
        of all block trades are reported independently of transaction prices in the regular market.
        Additionally, as noted above, these transactions will be subject to extensive monitoring and
        surveillance by the Market Regulation Department;
(\)     Availability of General Information: In connection with the launch of block trade eligibility for
        TAM products, the Market Regulation Department is issuing two updated Market Regulation
        Advisory Notices as previously described in this Submission which provide regulatory
        guidance to market participants with respect to TAS, TAM and MO transactions and block
        trades;
(\)     Daily Publication of Trading Information: As noted above, block trade prices, including TAM
        block trades, will be reported independently of transaction prices in the regular market;



         20 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606 T 312 930 8167 F 312 930 3323 sean.downey@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com
@   Execution of Transactions:         Block trades, pursuant to Commission regulations, are
    exempted from the competitive execution requirements of Core Principle 9. Nevertheless,
    TAM block trades will specifically be subject to the requirements of Rules 524 and 526 and,
    unless specifically exempted, to the remainder of the trade practice rules applicable to
    trading on NYMEX.

The Exchanges certify that Market Regulation Advisory Notices RA 1107-4 and RA 1108-4 and
the revision to Rule 524 comply with the Commodity Exchange Act and regulations thereunder.
There were no substantive opposing views to this proposal. The amendment will become
effective on Monday, November 7, 2011.

The Exchange certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the Exchange's
website at
http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html.

A copy of the revision to Rule 524 appears below, with additions underscored and deletions
overstruck.

524.      TRADING AT SETTLEMENT ("TAS"), TRADING AT MARKER ("TAM") AND
          MATCHED ORDER ("MO") TRANSACTIONS
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which
TAS, TAM and MO transactions shall be permitted.
[Section A. is unchanged.]
524.B. Trading at Marker ("TAM") Transactions
The following shall govern TAM transactions:
1. TAM orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for
     TAM trading on Globex and during each TAM contract's prescribed pre-open time period.
     The initiation of any TAM order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
2. TAM-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant
     to the requirements of Rule 526.
2,Q. TAM transactions may be executed at the current day's applicable marker price or at any
     valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower than the applicable marker price.
[The remainder of the Rule is unchanged.]


If you have any questions regarding this submission, please contact Robert Sniegowski, Market
Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or via email atRobert.Sniegowski@cmegroup. Alternatively, you
may contact me at 312.930.8167 or via email atSean.Downey@cmegroup.com. Please
reference NYMEX Submission No. 11-381 in any related correspondence.



                                                           Sincerely.




                                                           lsi Sean Downey
                                                           Associate Director & Assistant General Counsel



       20 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606 T 312 930 8167 F 312 930 3323 sean.downey@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com
                                         Exhibit 1
            MARKET REGULATION ADV~SORY NOTICE RA1101=4


Exchange                NYMEX & COMEX
                        Trading at Settlement ("TAS"), Trading at Marker ("TAM") and Matched
Subject
                        Order ("MO") Transactions
Rule References         Rule 524
Advisory Date           November 2, 2011
Advisory Number         NYMEX & COMEX RA1107~4
Effective Date          November 7, 2011


This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice
RA 1106-4 from June 20, 2011, and is being issued based on the introduction of Trading at
Marker ("TAM") trading on CME Globex based on the Platts 3:15 p.m. Eastern Time ("ET")
futures assessment for NYMEX New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil futures and NYMEX RBOB
Gasoline futures. Effective November 7, 2011, TAM trading based on the 3: 15 p.m. ET Platts
assessment will be available in the first three contract months of NYMEX New York Harbor No.
2 Heating Oil and RBOB Gasoline futures, and in intra-commodity spreads between the first and
second, first and third and second and third contract months in those products.

For TAM trading on the Platts 3:15 p.m. ET futures assessment in NYMEX Heating Oil and
RBOB futures, the marker price will be the price established and published by Platts. Additional
information on the methodology employed by Platts in establishing the 3:15 p.m. ET futures
assessment is set forth in its Platts Methodology Statement which is available on the Platts
website (www.platts.com).

Additional information on the introduction of TAM based on the Platts 3:15 p.m. ET futures
assessment is set forth in CME Group Special Executive Report S-5983 from November 2,
2011.

Also effective on November 7, 2011, NYMEX and COMEX will adopt amendments to Rule 524
("Trading at Settlement ("TAS"), Trading at Marker ("TAM") and Matched Order ("MO")
Transactions") to permit TAM block trades. Additional information on TAM block trades,
including the minimum TAM block trade quantity thresholds, is set forth in today's release of
NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1108-4.

The list of TAS- and TAM-eligible products and contract months appear in Sections 6 and 7 and
the revised text of Rule 524 appears in Section 8 of this Advisory Notice.

1.     General Information on TAS. TAM and MO Transactions

TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price, and, depending on the particular
product, may be executed in the pit, on CME Globex, or as a block trade.
NYMEX & COMEX RA1107-4
November 2, 2011



TAM trading is analogous to existing Trading at Settlement ("TAS") trading wherein parties are
permitted to trade at a differential to a not-yet-known price. TAM trading uses a marker price,
whereas TAS trading uses the Exchange-determined settlement price for the applicable contract
month. As with TAS trading, parties will be able to enter TAM orders at the TAM price or at a
differential between one and ten ticks higher or lower than the TAM price. TAM trading is
available on CME Globex, and, beginning on November 7, will be eligible to be executed as
block trades pursuant to the requirements of Rule 526 ("Block Trades").

MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures are transactions which are priced at that day's
settlement price for the contract.

All market participants are reminded that any trading activity that is intended to unfairly affect or
to attempt to unfairly affect a settlement or marker price to benefit a TAS, TAM or MO position,
including a TAS block position, will subject the member and/or the market participant to
disciplinary action for any of a number of rule violations, including, but not limited to:

     €I    price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
     It    wash trading
     It    conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange

Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving
TAS, TAM or MO trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants
and whether the offset of those positions during the close or during the time period used
to determine a marker price was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to
cause aberrant price movement during these periods.

2.        Entry of TAS and TAM Orders on CME Globex

Rule 524 permits the initiation ofTAS and TAM orders into CME Globex only subsequent to the
beginning of each group's pre-open state and during the time period the applicable contracts
are available for TAS or TAM trading on CME Globex. The initiation of any TAS or TAM order
on CME Globex outside of these time periods is strictly prohibited.

Any market participant who initiates the entry of a TAS or TAM order prior to receipt of the
market status message will be subject to disciplinary action by a panel of the Business Conduct
Committee, notwithstanding that the order may have been rejected by the CME Globex system.
Sanctions for noncompliance may include a fine, disgorgement of any profits realized as a result
of any orders accepted by CME Globex which were initiated prior to receipt of the security
status message and/or a suspension of access to the market. Market participants must ensure
that they have appropriate protocols in place to ensure that TAS and TAM orders are not
initiated prior to receipt of the security status message.

3.        TAS and TAM Calendar Spreads

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second
month/third month spread and the nearby month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil,
New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline futures may
be executed on CME Globex or on the trading floor and priced at TAS.
 NYMEX & COMEX RA1107-4
 November 2, 2011


Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second
month/third month spread and the nearby/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New
York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil, RBOB Gasoline and Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures
may be executed on CME Globex and priced at TAM.

The pricing of the legs of a TAS or TAM calendar spread will be calculated as follows:

     o   The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement or marker price, as
         applicable, for that contract month.

     o   The far leg of the spread will be priced at the settlement or marker price, as applicable,
         for that contract minus the allowable TAS or TAM price increment traded (negative 10
         through positive 10), except in circumstances where the traded TAS or TAM price is the
         actual settlement or marker price of the contract.

         Example 1:

         A November 2011/December 2011 (XI F) Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar
         spread trades at TAS Mi. Assume the November contract settles at 86.80
         and the December contract settles at 87.00.

         The November leg will be priced at the November settlement price of
         86.80. The December leg will be priced at 87.01, which is the December
         settlement price of 87.00 minus the TAS price increment of -1 (87.00
         minus -.01 = 87.01).

         Example 2:

         A November 2011/January 2012 (X1F) New York Harbor No.2 Heating
         Oil calendar spread trades at TAM +/- O. Assume the November marker
         price is 3.0558 and the January marker price is 3.0322.

         The November leg will be priced at the November marker price of 3.0558.
         The January leg will be priced at 3.0322, which is the January marker
         price.

         Example 3:

         A December 2011/January 2012 (Z/F) Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar
         spread trades at TAS +3. Assume the December contract settles at
         3.960 and the January contract settles at 4.100.

         The December leg will priced at the December settlement price of 3.960.
         The August January leg will be priced at 4.097, which is the January
         settlement price of 4.1 00 minus the TAS price increment of +3 (4.100
                      =
         minus +.003 4.097).

4.       TAS on Gold. Silver and Copper Futures

TAS transactions are allowed in the active contract month in Gold and Silver futures trading in
the pit or on CME Globex and in the first active contract month in Copper futures trading on
 NYMEX & COMEX RA11 07-4
 November 2, 2011


CME Globex. TAS transactions are not allowed in any pit~traded Copper futures contract
month.

In Gold futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months: February,
April, June, August, and December. Accordingly:

           When the February contract becomes spot, the April contract becomes the TAS-eligible
month;
           When the April contract becomes spot, the June contract becomes the TAS-eligible
month;
           When the June contract becomes spot, the August contract becomes the TAS-eligible
month;
         When the August contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-
eligible       month; and
         When the December contract becomes spot, the February contract becomes the TAS-
eligible       month.

In Silver and Copper futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months:
March, May, July, September and December. Accordingly:

           When the March contract becomes spot, the May contract becomes the TAS-eligible
month;
           When the May contract becomes spot, the July contract becomes the TAS-eligible
month;
         When the July contract becomes spot, the September contract becomes the TAS-
eligible month;
         When the September contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-
eligible        month;      and
         When the December contract becomes spot, the March contract becomes the TAS-
eligible        month.

5.         MO Transactions in Pit-Traded Copper Futures

MO transactions in Copper futures are open outcry trades competitively executed in the Copper
futures pit where the trade is priced at that day's settlement price for the contract. MO
transactions in Copper futures are eligible to be executed in the spot month and the next six
consecutive contract months. Additionally, with the exception of the post close session,
members may execute an MO order at any time the Copper futures pit is open for trading,
provided that the order is placed as an MO order. Regular trading hours for open outcry trading
in the Copper futures pit are from 8:10a.m. until 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time ("ET").

Instructions to execute the order as an MO must be denoted on the order and members must
identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record.

An order entered as an MO will be executed by the floor broker as a Market on Close order if
the order is not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be executed only as
an MO. An instruction to execute an order only as an MO must be communicated at the time
the order is placed.
NYMEX 81 COMEX RA1107-4
November 2, 2011


G.     lAS·Eligible Products and Contract Months

                                      Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd , 3rd and 7th months
        nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
        spot (except on the last trading day)

New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3 rd months
        nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
        nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads


Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3 rd months

RBoe Gasoline
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3 rd months
        nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

                               Pit-Traded Contracts - continued

European Gasoil (ICE)
        spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index
        spot (except on the last trading day)

NYMEX Crude Oil MACI Index
        spot (except on the last trading day)

COMEXGold
        February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month only)

COMEX Silver
       March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)

                                    CME Globex Contracts
 NYMEX & COMEX RA1107-4
 November 2, 2011


For compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of a TAS pre-open period is defined by
receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open
state and the end of a TAS trading session is defined by receipt of the security status message
indicating that group is closed.

TAS orders may not be entered into CME Globe}( from the end of a TAS trading session
until receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to
the pre-open state.


Commodity
Code on    Product Name and Contract Months                                Cleared Product
CME Globex

   CLT        Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              CL
              spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3 rd and ih months and
              nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

   BZT        Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                BZ
              spot (except on the last trading day)

  BST         Brent Crude Oil PenUltimate Financial                             BB
              Spot, 2nd and 3 rd months

  HOT         New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                            HO
              spot (except on the last trading day, 2nd and 3rd months and
              nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

  NGT         Henry Hub Natural Gas                                           NG
              spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3 rd months and
              nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads


Commodity
Code on    Product Name and Contract Months                                Cleared Product
CME Globex

  NNT         Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap                                        NN
              spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3 rd months

  RBT         RBOS Gasoline                                                   RB
              spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3 rd months and
              nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

  7FT         European Gasoil (ICE)                                             7F
 NYMEX & COMEX RA1107-4
 November 2, 2011


                 spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

     KTT         NYMEX Coffee                                                     KT
                 spot (except on the last trading day)

     CJT         NYMEXCocoa                                                       CJ
                 spot (except on the last trading day)

     TTT         NYMEX Cotton                                                     TT
                 spot (except on the last trading day)

     YOT         NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                               YO
                 spot (except on the last trading day)

     XKT         NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index               XK
                 spot (except on the last trading day)

     XCT         NVMEX Crude Oil MACI Index                                       xc
                 spot (except on the last trading day)

     RET         REBCO                                                            RE
                 spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

     GCT         COME:X Gold                                                  GC
                 February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month
                 only)

     SIT         COMEX Silver                                               SI
                 March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month
                 only)

     HGT         COMEX Copper                                               HG
                 March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month
                 only)

7.         TAM~Eligible Products and Contract Months on CME Globex


For compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of a TAM pre-open period is defined by
receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open
state and the end of a TAM trading session is defined by receipt of the security status message
indicating that group is closed.

TAM orders may not be entered into CME Globex from the end of a TAM trading session
until receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to
the pre-open state.

Commodity
Code on          Product Name and Contract Months                            Cleared Product
NYMEX & COMEX RA1107-4
November 2, 2011


CME Globex

                                    London Markers

   Cll       Light Sweet Crude Oil                                        Cl
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads


   BZl       Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                           BZ
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads


   HOl       New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                            HO
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

  RBl        RBOB Gasoline                                                RB
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

                                   Singapore Markers

  ClS        Light Sweet Crude Oil                                        Cl
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

  BZS        Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                           BZ
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

                                Platts 3:15 p.m. Markers

  HOP        New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                            HO
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads

  RBP        RBOe Gasoline                                                RB
             spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar
spreads
 NYMEX & COMEX RA1107-4
 November 2, 2011



 Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
 Regulation:
                          Nancy Minett, Director, Investigations, 212.299.2940
                  Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, Investigations, 212.299.2880
 For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate Communications at
 312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.

 8.       Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement ("TAS"), Trading at Marker ("TAM") and Matched Order ("MO")
Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which
TAS, TAM and MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1. TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
   requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular
contract and must be identified as such on the member's trading records.
2.    TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS
      trading on Globex and during each TAS contract's prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation of
      any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
3.    TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
      requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
      trading in an expiring contract.
4. TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
   increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.B. Trading at Marker ("TAM") Transactions
The following shall govern TAM transactions:
1. TAM orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for
TAM trading on Globex and during each TAM contract's prescribed pre-open time period.
The initiation of any TAM order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
2. TAM-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant
   to the requirements of Rule 526.
3. TAM transactions may be executed at the current day's applicable marker price or at any
valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower than the applicable marker price.
524.C. Matched Order (HMO") Transactions
MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where the
price of the trade is that day's settlement price for the contract.
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1.    Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post close
      session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as an MO and such
      instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing
NYMEX & COMEX RA1107-4
November 2, 2011


     period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to
     be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
     designated as such at the time the order is placed.
2.   Members must identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record.
                                         Exhibit 2
            MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE RA1108-4


E}whange                NYMEX & COMEX
Subject                 Block Trades
Rule References         Rule 526
Advisory Date           November 2, 2011
Advisory Number         NYMEX & COMEX RA1108·4
Effective Date          November 7,2010

This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice
RA 1004-4 from September 27, 2010. It is being to notify the marketplace that effective for trade
date November 7,2011, Trading at Marker ("TAM") block trades will be permitted in all NYMEX
energy products in which TAM trading is permitted. As with Trading at Settlement ("TAS") block
trades, TAM block trades will be permitted at the same block trade minimum thresholds
applicable to the underlying futures product. Unlike TAS block trades, TAM block trades will be
permitted on the last day of trading in an expiring contract. Please note that TAM block
trading will not be permitted prior to Monday, November 7.

Additional information on TAS and TAM-eligible products is set forth in today's release of
NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1107-4.

Block trades in NYMEX and COMEX products are governed by Rule 526 and the information
provided in this Advisory Notice.

A complete list of NYMEX and COMEX products in which blocl< trading is permitted and the
relevant quantity thresholds appear in Section 11 and the text of Rule 526 appears in Section 13
of this Advisory Notice.

1.     Definition of Block Trades

Block trades are privately negotiated futures, options or combination transactions that meet
certain quantity thresholds which are permitted to be executed apart from the public auction
market. All block trades are subject to the conditions set forth in NYMEX and COMEX Rule 526
and in this Advisory Notice.

2.     Participation in Block Trades

Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined in
Section 1a(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Eligible Contract Participants generally include
exchange members and member firms, broker/dealers, government entities, pension funds,
commodity pools, corporations, investment companies, insurance companies, depository
institutions and high net-worth individuals. Commodity trading advisors and investment advisors
who are registered or exempt from registration, and foreign persons performing a similar role
 NYMEX & COMEX RA1108-4
 November 2, 2010


and subject as such to foreign regulation, may participate in block transactions provided they
have total assets under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is suitable for
their customers.

A customer order may be executed by means of a block trade only if the customer has specified
that the order be executed as a block trade.
Orders may not be bunched to meet the minimum block quantity thresholds.

3.      Time and Prices of Block Trades

Block trades may be executed at any time, including times during which the public auction
market is closed.

Block trades must be transacted at prices that are "fair and reasonable" in light of (i) the size
of the transaction, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract at the
relevant time, (iii) the prices and sizes of transactions in other relevant markets, including,
without limitation, the underlying cash market or related futures markets, at the relevant time,
and (iv) the circumstances of the markets or the parties to the block trade.
                                                                                  -


The trade price must be consistent with the minimum tick increment for the market in question.
Additionally, each outright transaction and each leg of any block eligible spread or combination
trade must be executed at a single price.

Block trade prices are reported independently of transaction prices in the regular market and are
not included as part of the daily trading range. Block trade prices do not elect conditional orders
(e.g. stop orders) or otherwise affect orders in the regular market.

4.      Block Trade Minimum Quantities for Outrights, Spreads and Combinations

The block trade minimum quantity requirements for outright futures and options are set forth in
the list of block trade eligible products in Section 11 which begins on page 4 of this Advisory
Notice. In order to be executed as a block trade, each leg of the spread or combination
(including intra-commodity, inter-commodity and options/futures spreads) must be block-eligible
and the quantity of each leg of the spread must meet the designated minimum quantity
threshold.

5.     TAS & TAM Block Trades

Certain block-eligible futures contract months may be executed as block trades and assigned
the current day's settlement price or any valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower than the
settlement price ("TAS block trades"). Additionally, effective November 7, 2011, certain block-
eligible futures contract months will be permitted to be executed as block trades and assigned
the current day's marker price or any valid price increment ten ticks higher or lower than the
marker price ("TAM block trades").

Additionally, intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread and
the second month/third month spread may be executed as TAS or TAM block trades provided
that the underlying product is eligible for TAS or TAM trading.
 NYM EX & COM EX RA 1108-4
 November 2, 2010


The pricing of the legs of a TAS or TAM calendar spread block trade will be calculated as
follows:

         "   The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement or marker price, as
             applicable, for that contract month.
     G       The far leg of the spread will priced at the settlement or marker price, as applicable, for that
             contract minus the allowable TAS or TAM price increment traded (negative 10 through positive
             10), except in circumstances where the traded TAS or TAM priced is the actual settlement or
             marker price of the contract.

TAS block trades, including eligible TAS calendar spread block trades, may not be executed on
the last day of trading in an expiring contract.

The products and contract months in which TAS and TAM block trades are permitted appear in
Section 11 of this Advisory Notice.

6.           Block Trade Reporting Requirements

a) Time Requirements

Block trades must be reported to the exchange by the seller within five minutes of the
transaction.

b) Reporting Methods

Block trades must be reported to the exchange via one of the methods described below.

             n CME ClearPort

Block trades may be reported to the CME ClearPort Block Trade Facilitation Desk by calling
1.866.246.9639. Additionally, blocl< trades may be electronically submitted directly to CME
Clearing via CME ClearPort. For information on reporting block trades through CME ClearPort,
please contact customer service at 1.800.438.8616 or via email atClearPort@cmegroup.com.

             in Trading Floor

Block trades negotiated on the trading floor must be reported to exchange staff at the Master
Pulpit.

c) Information Required when Reporting Block Trades

When reporting a block trade, the following information will be required:

     "       Contract, contract month and contract year for futures, and, additionally for options,
             strike price and put or call designation;
     "       Quantity of the trade or, for spreads and combinations, the quantity of each leg of the
             trade;
     "       Price of the trade or, for spreads and combinations, the price of each leg of the trade;
     o       Buyer's clearing firm and seller's clearing firm;
 NYMEX & COMEX RA1108-4
 November 2, 2010


      iii   Name and phone number of the representative reporting the trade (for floor reporting
            only); and
      iii   Execution time (in Eastern Time) of the trade (Le. the time at which the trade was
            consummated) (for floor reporting only).

7.          Block Trade Submission Requirements to CME Clearing

Block trades reported to the trading floor must be entered by the seller or his designated
representative into the CME clearing system within 30 minutes of execution and must contain
the material terms of the trade, including the allocation to the correct clearing firm unless the
trade will clear at the seller's qualifying clearing member firm. Within 60 minutes of execution
and after entry by the seller, the buyer or his designated representative must enter into the CME
clearing system a time of execution for the trade, note any disagreement with any of the terms
of the trade entered by the seller, and allocate the trade to the correct clearing firm unless the
trade will clear at the buyer's qualifying clearing member firm. When reporting spread or
combination transactions, each leg must be entered individually. Separate submission to the
CME clearing system is not required in tlie event that the block trade is directly entered into
CME ClearPort or reported to the CME ClearPort Facilitation Desk.

8.          Block Trade Recordkeeping

Complete order records for block trades must be created and maintained, just as with any other
transaction. However, as noted above, the time of execution of the block trade must also be
recorded.
9.          Dissemination of Block Trade Information

The date, execution time, contract month, price and quantity of block trades are displayed on
cmegroup.com at the following link: http://www.cmegroup.com/tools-
information/blocktrades.html. Block trade information is also displayed on the trading floor.

Block trade prices are published separately from transactions in the regular market.

Block trade volume is also included with other privately negotiated transactions in the daily
volume reports published by the exchange.

10.         Pre-Execution Communications

The prohibition on prearranged trading and the requirements related to pre-execution
communications with respect to certain Globex trades set forth in Rule 539 do not apply to block
trades.

11.         NYMEX & COMEX Block Trade-Eligible Products

                                                               TAS- and TAM-Eligible
             Products                           Futures                                   Options
                                                              Futures Contract Months
Brent Financial                              100 contracts        spot, 2nd and 3rd     Not available
B!~e!lt.~ru~~ O~I ~a.st ~~~ _._              100 contracts                              Not available

Light Sweet Crude Oil                       100 contracts                               1,000 contracts
    NYM EX & COM EX RA 1108-4
    November 2, 2010


    Gulf Coast Sour Crude Oil                                                                                       200 contracts                                                                                                                                     Not available
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   nd                     rd
    New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil                                                                      ••
                                                                                                                    50 contracts
                                                                                                               " V " _ , . , _ . __ . "
                                                                                                                                                                                           spot, 2         _"   __ '.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         and 3                                        300 contracts

~
    Henry Hub Natural Gas
    _ _ '~ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _r~ _ _ _ _ ~ _ _ _ _ _ ' ' ' ' _ _ _ _ ~_''_'' _   __   ,   .~_~   ______ >   ._._. _
                                                                                                                    100 contracts
                                                                                                                      • _ _ _ • _ _ _ _ ._. _ _ _ _ _ _ • • •   ~_   ._~_.   __ <   ____
                                                                                                                                                                                           spot, 2nd and 3rd
                                                                                                                                                                                           ~.   __   .~   ___•••   H _ _ "'~"   _ _ .v _ _ •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1,600 contracts
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ~ _ _ . _ . _ _ _ _ _ _ • _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ._




    European-Style Natural Gas                                                                                      Not available                                                                                                                                     550 contracts
    Gulf Coast Gasoline                                                                                             100 contracts                                                                                                                                     Not available
    Gulf Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel                                                                              100 contracts                                                                                                                                     Not available
    New York Harbor Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel                                                                         100 contracts                                                                                                                                     Not available
    RBOB Gasoline                                                                                                   50 contracts                                                           spot, 2nd and 3rd                                                         350 contracts
    NYMEX Cocoa                                                                                                     100 contracts                                                                                                                                    Not available
NYMEX Coffee                                                                                                        100 contracts                                                                                                                                    Not available
NYMEX Cotton                                                                                                        100 contracts                                                                                                                                    Not available
NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                                                                                  100 contracts                                                                                                                                    Not available
Gold                                                                                                                200 contracts                                                                                                                                    300 contracts
Silver                                                                                                              200 contracts                                                                                                                                    150 contracts
Copper                                                                                                              100 contracts                                                                                                                                    Not available




12.                   Contact Information

Questions regarding this advisory may be directed to the following individuals:

Market Regulation:                                                             Russell Cloughen, Associate Director                                                                                                                 212.299.2880
                                                                               Robert Sniegowski, Associate Director                                                                                                                312.341.5991

CME Clearing:                                                                  CME Clearing Support                                                                                                                                 312.207.2525

For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate Communications at
312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.


13.                   Text of NYMEX & COMEX Rule 526

Rule 526      BLOCK TRADES
The Exchange shall designate the products in which block trades shall be permitted and determine the minimum
quantity thresholds for such transactions. The following shall govern block trades:
A.             A block trade must be for a quantity that is at or in excess of the applicable minimum threshold. Orders may
               not be aggregated in order to achieve the minimum transaction size, except by those entities described in
               Sections I. and J.
B.             Each party to a block trade must be an Eligible Contract Participant as that term is defined in Section 1a(12) of
               the Commodity Exchange Act.
C.             A member shall not execute any order by means of a block trade for a customer unless such customer has
               specified that the order be executed as a block trade.
NYMEX & COMEX RA1108-4
November 2, 2010


D.   The price at which a block trade is executed must be fair and reasonable in light of (i) the size of the block
     trade, (ii) the prices and sizes of other transactions in the same contract at the relevant time, (iii) the prices and
     sizes of transactions in other relevant markets, including without limitation the underlying cash market or related
     futures markets, at the relevant time, and (iv) the circumstances of the markets or the parties to the block trade.
E.   Block trades shall not set off conditional orders (e.g., Stop Orders and MIT Orders) or otherwise affect orders in
     the regular market.
F.   The seller must ensure that each block trade is reported to the Exchange within five minutes of the time of
     execution. The report must include the contract, contract month, price, quantity of the transaction, the
     respective clearing members, the time of execution, and, for options, strike price, put or call and expiration
     month. The Exchange shall promptly publish such information separately from the reports of transactions in the
     regular market.
G.   Block trades must be reported to the Clearing House in accordance with an approved reporting method.
H.   Clearing members and members involved in the execution of block trades must maintain a record of the
     transaction in accordance with Rule 536.
I.   A commodity trading advisor ("CTA") registered or exempt from registration under the Act, including, without
     limitation, any investment advisor registered or exempt from registration under the Investment Advisors Act of
     1940, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and D., provided such advisors have
     total assets under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is suitable for the customers of such
     advisors.
J.   A foreign Person performing a similar role or function to a CTA or investment advisor as described in Section I,
     and subject as such to foreign regulation, shall be the applicable entity for purposes of Sections A., B., C., and
     D., provided such Persons have total assets under management exceeding $25 million and the block trade is
     suitable for the customers of such Persons.
