SIX Swiss Exchange message
From
Telephone
E-mail
                 Exchange Operations
                 +41 58 854 24 75
                 helpdesk.exc@six-group.com
                                                                                            2010
                                                                                             Nr. 56
Pages            3
Date             09.07.2010




Change to procedure in the case of mistrades



Dear Sir or Madam,
We would like to inform you that SIX Swiss Exchange is changing its procedure for trade reversals in the
case of on order book mistrades. This memorandum is intended to provide you with an overview of the
key information and the timeframe for this changeover.

1      Current procedure
If Market Control at SIX Swiss Exchange declares a trade to be null and void in line with Directive 4:
Market Control, it publishes a mistrade decision on the Newsboard before contacting the participants
involved by telephone to instruct them to cancel the relevant trades via trade reversal by the end of the
clearing day at the latest.

2      New procedure
In the case of the new procedure mistrade decisions will also be published on the Newsboard. However,
Market Control will now carry out the trade reversals for the invalid trades itself. The participants involved
will be informed via the FIX interface and also via e-mail.
2.1 Details of the new regime
Below you will find a detailed overview of the new procedure and the changes involved:
    Newsboard
    As mentioned above, mistrade decisions and other trade-relevant information will continue to be
    published as messages on the Newsboard of the publicly accessible website of SIX Swiss Exchange.
    The Newsboard will in future be accessible via the following link, and will contain messages for all
    products and trading segments:
    http://www.six-swiss-exchange.com/participants/trading/newsboard/prod/




Message Nr. 56 | 2010                                                                                       1|3

SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd     T +41 58 854 54 54
Selnaustrasse 30           F +41 58 854 54 55
P.O. Box 1758              www.six-swiss-exchange.com
CH-8021 Zurich
From now on, the messages will be broken down into the following categories:
      Trading Information
      Mistrade
      Suspension
      Emergency Information

    News Message
    News messages will continue to be disseminated to participants in the form of «News Alerts» via the
    SWXess «Standard Trading Interface (STI)» and «Market Data Interface (MDI)». The «News Alert»
    contains the header of the message and a direct link to the corresponding message on the
    Newsboard.
    Trade reversal
    For all participants, trade reversals will be carried out by Market Control. This will generally be done at
    the same time as the mistrade decision; at the latest by the end of the clearing day.
    The participants involved will receive confirmation of the trade reversals in the form of a «Trade
    Capture Report» sent via the SWXess «Standard Trading Interface (STI)». These reversal reports will
    be labeled with the newly introduced system generated trade type code «MR» (Mistrade Reversal).
    Please note that trade reversals must still be carried out by participants themselves in the case of on
    exchange transactions, both on and off the order book, that have not been declared null and void by
    SIX Swiss Exchange.
    In exceptional cases, the Exchange may also contact participants by telephone under the new
    procedure, instructing them to cancel mistrades themselves.
    E-mail
    As mentioned before in future the participants involved will be informed via e-mail of mistrades and
    their reversal; the affected participants will therefore no longer be informed by telephone as was
    previously the case.
    For each trade reversal (transaction), SIX Swiss Exchange will send a separate e-mail containing the
    following information:
      Security                 Identification and trading currency of the security concerned
      Transaction              Execution time (trade date and time)
                               Designation of the type of business (purchase / sale)
                               Quantity (nominal value for bonds or price per unit for other securities)
                               Price
                               Exchange Identification (Trade Id)
      Participant              Identification of the participant (Member Id)
                               Identification of the trader (Trader Id)

    Each participant is authorized to define a separate e-mail address for each Party ID. The participants
    are kindly requested to send an e-mail by the end of July to helpdesk.exc@six-group.com, specifying
    one e-mail address for each member ID, or inform Market Control explicitly if they do not wish to be
    notified via e-mail. Exchange Operations may be notified of a changed e-mail address at any time,
    subject to a two-day notice period.
    Please note that SIX Swiss Exchange cannot guarantee successful transmission of the e-mail
    notification. For this reason, we recommend that participants ensure that «Trade Capture Reports»
    disseminated via the SWXess «Standard Trading Interface (STI)» are correctly implemented and
    processed in the members own applications.


Message Nr. 56 | 2010                                                                                       2|3


SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd    T +41 58 854 54 54
Selnaustrasse 30          F +41 58 854 54 55
P.O. Box1758              www.six-swiss-exchange.com
CH-8021 Zurich
SIX Swiss Exchange is planning to introduce the new mistrade regime as of September/October 2010.
Prior to the introduction, participants will have a four-week period in which to test their internal
applications and processes. We will send you further information on the introduction of the new regime in
due course.
All technical manuals and MSC messages are published in the Member Section:
https://www.six-swiss-exchange.com/member_section/it/messages.html
https://www.six-swiss-exchange.com/member_section/it/manuals.html
Thank you for taking note of the above information. Should you have any questions, please contact SIX
Swiss Exchange. If you require more information or support, please contact Exchange Operations.
If you have any technical inquiries, please contact your local support center.
Geneva                   +41 58 854 5642                  lsg@six-group.com
London                   +44 20 7864 4364                 lsl@six-group.com
Zurich                   +41 58 854 2400                  lsz@six-group.com
Yours sincerely,

SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd



Christoph Landis                                          Adrian Isler
Head of Operations                                        Head of Market Operations




Message Nr. 56 | 2010                                                                                  3|3


SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd       T +41 58 854 54 54
Selnaustrasse 30             F +41 58 854 54 55
P.O. Box1758                 www.six-swiss-exchange.com
CH-8021 Zurich
