Title: 24-509.pdf

URL Source: https://www.cmegroup.com/content/dam/cmegroup/market-regulation/rule-filings/2024/12/24-509.pdf

Published Time: Tue, 03 Dec 2024 01:50:53 GMT

Number of Pages: 2

Markdown Content:
24-509: Modifications to the E-Mini Trade at Cash Open ("TACO") Futures Market Maker Program      

> 20 S Wacker Dr Chicago, IL 60606 T312 466 7478 tim.elliott@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com
> Timothy Elliott
> Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
> Legal Department

December 2, 2024 

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL 

Christopher J. Kirkpatrick 

Office of the Secretariat 

Commodity Futures Trading Commission 

Three Lafayette Centre 

1155 21st Street, N.W. 

Washington, D.C. 20581 

RE: Modifications to the E-Mini Trade at Cash Open ("TACO") Futures Market Maker Program 

CME Submission No. 24-509 

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick: 

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME” or “Exchange”) hereby notifies the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC” or “Commission”) of plans to modify the E-mini TACO Futures Market Maker Program (“Program”). The modifications to the Program will become effective on February 1, 2025. 

Exhibit 1 sets forth the terms of this Program. Modifications appear below, with additions underlined and deletions overstruck. 

The Exchange reviewed the designated contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA” or “Act”). During the review, CME staff identified the following Core Principles as potentially being impacted: Monitoring of Trading, Execution of Transactions, Protection of Market Participants, Compliance with Rules, Availability of General Information, and Recordkeeping. 

The Program does not impact the Exchange’s ability to perform its trade practice and market surveillance obligations under the CEA and the Exchange’s market regulation staff will monitor trading in the Program’s products to prevent manipulative trading and market abuse. Additionally, the Exchange has implemented systems to track Program participants’ obligations to ensure proper distribution of earned incentives. The incentives in the Program do not impact the Exchange’s order execution. Participants in the Program will be selected by Exchange staff using criteria as further stated in Exhibit 1. Chapter 4 of the CME rules includes prohibitions against fraudulent, non-competitive, unfair or abusive practices. All participants must execute a contractual agreement with the Exchange in which each participant will expressly agree to comply with and be subject to applicable regulations and CME rules. The Program is subject to the Exchange’s record retention policies which comply with the CEA. 

CME certifies that the Program complies with the CEA and the regulations thereunder. There were no substantive opposing views to this Program. 

The Exchange certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the Exchange’s website at 

http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html .

If you require any additional information regarding this submission, please e-mail 

CMEGSubmissionInquiry@cmegroup.com  or contact Rachel Johnson at 312-466-4393 or via e-mail at 

Rachel.Johnson@cmegroup.com .

Sincerely, 

/s/ Timothy Elliott 

Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel 

Attachment: Exhibit 1 EXHIBIT 1 

# E-mini TACO Futures Market Maker Program 

Program Purpose 

The purpose of this Program is to support development in the products listed below. The resulting increase in liquidity on the central limit order book benefits all participant segments in the market. 

Product Scope 

TACO on E-mini S&P 500 Futures (“ESQ”), E-mini Nasdaq-100 Futures (“NQQ”), and E-mini Russell 2000 Futures (“RTQ”) that are traded on the CME Globex Platform (“Products”). 

Eligible Participants 

CME may designate up to seven (7) participants in the Program. Participants may be CME members or non-members. Potential participants are required to submit an application/bid sheet to the Exchange as part of a competitive application process which is used to determine eligibility. In determining whether or not a prospective participant is selected to participate in the Program, Exchange staff may take into account a variety of factors including the strength of the quoting obligations the prospective participant is willing to commit to provide, whether Exchange staff believes that the prospective participant can maintain such obligations, and historical volume trading similar products. The Exchange may, from time to time, add or subtract from the aforementioned requirements as it deems necessary. 

Program Term 

Start date is July 16, 2018. End date is January 31, 2025 January 31, 2026, or the date on which the Exchange determines to modify, extend, or terminate the Program. Participants will be given notice of any changes to the Program Term. 

Obligations 

In order to be eligible to receive the incentives, participants must quote two-sided markets in the applicable Products, at predetermined average bid/ask spreads and minimum quote sizes. 

Incentives 

Upon meeting the obligations, as determined by the Exchange, participants may be eligible to receive predetermined incentives. 

Monitoring and Termination of Status 

The Exchange shall monitor trading activity and participants’ performance and shall retain the right to revoke participant status if it concludes from review that a participant no longer meets the eligibility requirements or fails to meet the obligations of the Program.
