                        SGX MSCI SINGAPORE INDEX
                    FUTURES CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS


1.   SCOPE OF CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS AND DEFINITION
2.   TRADING
     2.1 Trading Months and Hours
     2.2 Contract Value and Trading Unit
     2.3 Minimum Fluctuations
     2.4 Position Limits
     2.5 Price Limits and Cooling Off Period
     2.6 Price Limits on Last Trading Day
     2.7 Trigger for Price Limits
     2.8 Termination of Trading
3.   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT
     3.1 Final Settlement Price
     3.2 Alternative Resolution of Final Settlement Price
     3.3 Final Settlement
     3.4 Other Rules and Procedures for Clearing and Settlement
4.   REQUIREMENTS FOR TRADING




                                       1
1.    SCOPE OF CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS AND DEFINITIONS
      This MSCI Singapore Index futures contract specifications (“this Specifications”) governs
      futures trading in the MSCI Singapore IndexSM on the SGX-DT Market. The rules and
      procedures for trading that are not specifically covered in this Specifications shall be as set
      forth in the Trading Rules.1 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
      the meanings ascribed to them under the Trading Rules. For the purposes of this Specifications
      and unless the context otherwise requires, the following capitalized terms shall have the
      meanings set forth below:

       Contract                       Refers to the MSCI Singapore Free Index futures contract
                                      traded on the SGX-DT Market;

       Cooling Off Period             Refers to a period of ten (10) minutes or such other period as
                                      the Exchange may from time to time prescribe during which
                                      each Contract may only continue to be traded at or within its
                                      Price Limits for the time being in force;


       Lower Limit                    Refers to a price of fifteen percent (15%) or such other amount
                                      as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time below the
                                      previous Trading Day’s Daily Settlement Price for such
                                      Contract;

       Upper Limit                    Refers to a price of fifteen percent (15%) or such other amount
                                      as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time above the
                                      previous Trading Day’s Daily Settlement Price for such
                                      Contract;

       MSCI Singapore Index SM        Refers to a free float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted
                                      index representing a sampling of large, medium and small
                                      capitalization stocks of the Singapore stock market, compiled
                                      by Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI).



2.    TRADING

      2.1       Trading Months and Hours
      The Contract shall be listed for such Contract Months and scheduled for trading during such
      hours as may be determined by the Exchange.

      2.2       Contract Value and Trading Unit
      Each Contract shall be valued at two hundred (200) Singapore Dollars multiplied by the
      Contract price. The trading unit shall be two hundred (200) Singapore Dollars multiplied by the
      Contract price.



1
 Trading Rules refers to the Futures Trading Rulebook, which may be found on the Exchange’s website at
http://www.sgx.com


                                                  2
     2.3      Minimum Fluctuations
     Bids and offers shall be quoted in index points. The minimum fluctuation of the Contract shall
     be one-tenth (0.1) of an index point, equivalent to twenty (20) Singapore Dollars per Contract.

     2.4      Position Limits
     Unless otherwise approved by the Exchange and subject to Rule 4.1.18 of the Trading Rules, a
     Person shall not own or control Futures Contracts on the MSCI Singapore Index that exceed
     ten thousand (10,000) contracts net on the same side of the Market, and in all Contract Months
     combined.

     2.5      Price Limits and Cooling Off Period
     There shall be no trading in any Contract at a price above its Upper Limit or below its Lower
     Limit except as provided for in this clause 2.5 and clause 2.6. If the price for any Contract
     reaches either its Upper Limit or Lower Limit, the Exchange will signal a Cooling Off Period.
     After such Cooling Off Period has elapsed, there will be no Price Limits for the remainder of
     the Trading Day.

     2.6      Price Limits on Last Trading Day
     Notwithstanding clause 2.5, there shall be no Price Limits on the Last Trading Day for an
     expiring Contract.

     2.7      Trigger for Price Limits
     The Price Limits referred to in clause 2.5 shall be deemed to have been reached upon the
     making of either an unsatisfied bid at the Upper Limit in part or in whole or an unsatisfied offer
     at the Lower Limit in part or in whole.

     2.8      Termination of Trading
     The Last Trading Day shall be the second last Business Day of the Contract Month.
     If, at any time in the course of or after the close of trading on the day preceding what should in
     the normal course of business be the penultimate trading day (the "NPTD") with respect to a
     Contract Month, or anytime thereafter, it comes to the knowledge of the Exchange that either
     of the 2 days in that Contract Month which was expected in the ordinary course of business to
     have been respectively the last and penultimate Business Days for that Contract Month will not
     in fact be a Business Day, then the Last Trading Day shall be the Business Day that follows the
     NPTD.
     If, at any time in the course of or after the close of trading on the day preceding the NPTD, or
     anytime thereafter, it becomes known to the Exchange that both of the days erstwhile expected
     in the ordinary course of business to have been respectively the penultimate and the last
     Business Days will not be Business Day(s) of the Contract Month, then the Last Trading Day
     shall be the Business Day following the NPTD.

3.   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT
     Settlement under this Specifications shall be by cash settlement.




                                                 3
       3.1.     Final Settlement Price
       Subject to the provisions herein, the Final Settlement Price shall be the value of the MSCI
       Singapore Free IndexSM computed based on the special quotation methodology applied on each
       component stock of the MSCI Singapore Free Index SM on the day following the Last Trading
       Day (“FSP Day”). In the event that the FSP Day is not or will not be, a Singapore Business
       Day, the FSP Day shall be deemed to be the next immediately available Business Day
       following the Last Trading Day.

       3.2.     Alternative Resolution of Final Settlement Price
       Notwithstanding clause 3.1, the Exchange and the Clearing House may, where the Final
       Settlement Price prescribed in the foregoing is not available, resolve that the Final Settlement
       Price shall be determined by other means in accordance with Rule 4.1.20 of the Trading Rules.
       The decision of the Exchange and the Clearing House shall be binding upon all parties to the
       Contract.

       3.3.     Final Settlement
       Clearing Members holding open positions in the Contract at the time of termination of trading
       in that Contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing House in
       accordance with normal variation margin procedures based on a settlement price equal to the
       Final Settlement Price.

       3.4.     Other Rules and Procedures for Clearing and Settlement
       The rules and procedures for clearing and settlement that are not specifically covered in this
                                                              2
       Specifications shall be governed by the Clearing Rules.

4.     REQUIREMENTS FOR TRADING
       4.1      The Exchange has entered into a license agreement with Morgan Stanley Capital
                International Singapore Pte. Ltd. to be permitted to use certain stock indexes to which
                Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. owns rights in and to (the "MSCI Indexes")
                and the proprietary data contained therein in connection with the listing, trading,
                marketing and clearing of derivative securities linked to such indexes.
       4.2      The Exchange, the Exchange’s affiliates, MSCI, MSCI’s affiliates and any other
                party involved in, or related to, making or compiling any of the MSCI Indexes do not
                guarantee the originality, accuracy and/or completeness of such MSCI Index or any
                data included therein. Futures contracts and options contracts on any MSCI index
                (“Index Contracts”) are not sponsored, guaranteed or endorsed by MSCI, MSCI’s
                affiliates or any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling such
                MSCI index.
       4.3      Neither the Exchange, the Exchange’s affiliates, MSCI, MSCI’s affiliates nor any
                other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling any MSCI index makes
                any representations regarding the advisability of investing in such Index Contracts.
                Neither the Exchange, any of the Exchange’s affiliates, MSCI, any of MSCI’s
                affiliates nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling any
                MSCI Index makes any warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained
                by any person or any entity from the use of such MSCI Index or any data included
                therein. Neither the Exchange, any of the Exchange’s affiliates, MSCI, any of

2
 The Clearing Rules refers to the SGX-DC Clearing Rules, which may be found on the Exchange’s website at
http://www.sgx.com


                                                    4
      MSCI’s affiliates nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling
      any MSCI Index makes any express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all
      warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect
      to such MSCI Index or any data included therein. Without limiting any of the
      foregoing, in no event shall the Exchange, any of the Exchange’s affiliates, MSCI,
      any of MSCI’s affiliates or any other party involved in, or related to, making or
      compiling any MSCI Index have any liability for any direct, special, punitive, indirect,
      or consequential damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the possibility of
      such damages. In addition, neither the Exchange, any of the Exchange’s affiliates,
      MSCI, any of MSCI’s affiliates nor any other party involved in, or related to, making
      or compiling any MSCI Index shall have any liability for any damages, claims, losses
      or expenses relating to any futures or options contracts that may be caused by any
      errors or delays in calculating or disseminating such MSCI Index.
4.4   No Member may open or continue to operate an account for a Customer for trading in
      Contracts based on the MSCI Indexes unless the Member receives from such
      Customer a signed and dated acknowledgement (which may be part of an account
      opening form) that such Customer understood and accepted the disclaimer statements
      provided for in the two immediately preceding paragraphs.
4.5   A Member shall hold the Exchange and its directors, officers, employees and agents
      (collectively the "Beneficiaries" and each a "Beneficiary") harmless from and
      against any loss, liability, judgement, claim, damage, cost or expense (including legal
      costs on an indemnity basis, failing which on a solicitor and client basis) arising from
      or in connection with the MSCI Indexes or any contracts based on such MSCI
      Indexes and any action, proceeding or, claim made or brought by any Customer of a
      Member where such Member had failed to secure the Customer’s acknowledgement
      of the disclaimer document as required above. Members shall also recognise that
      notwithstanding the preceding indemnity and in recognition that any response to such
      claim, action or proceeding may have been knock-on consequences for the Exchange
      or the exchange it maintains, the Beneficiaries (or any Beneficiary) shall have full
      control over the defence and/or settlement any such claim, action or proceeding
      without the need for prior clearance with the indemnifying Member.




                                         5
