SGX - Singapore Exchange Ltd.
Equity Index
Futures/Options
Interest Rates
Futures/Options
Commodity Futures
Home
» Products/Services » Derivatives » Equity Index Futures/Options »
SGX MSCI Taiwan Index (SGX TiMSCI) Futures
Choose to view Contract Specifications of other Equity Index Futures / Options:
SGX Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures
SGX FTSE Xinhua China A50 Index Futures
SGX Nikkei 225 Index (SGX Nikkei 225) Futures/Options
SGX USD Nikkei 225 Index Futures
SGX MSCI Asia APEX 50 Index Futures
SGX MSCI Japan Index Futures
SGX MSCI Taiwan Index (SGX TiMSCI) Futures/Options
SGX MSCI Singapore Index (SGX SiMSCI) Futures/Options
SGX Straits Times Index (SGX STI) Futures
SGX MSCI Hong Kong+ Index (SGX HiMSCI) Futures
SGX CNX Nifty Index Futures
SGX MSCI Taiwan Index (SGX TiMSCI) Futures
Items
Specifications
Underlying Stock Index
MSCI Taiwan Index
SM
Ticker Symbol
TW
Contract Size
US$100 x MSCI Taiwan Index
SM
Futures price
Minimum Price Fluctuation
0.1 index points (equivalent to US$10)
Contract Months
2 nearest serial months and 4 quarterly months on a March, June, September and December cycle.
2 nearest serial months and 12 quarterly months on a March, June, September and December cycle.*
Trading Hours
Singapore Time:
T Session:
Pre -Opening 8.30am - 8.43 am
Non -Cancel Period 8. 43am - 8.45 am
Opening 8.45 am - 1.45 pm
Pre-Closing 1.45 pm - 1.49 pm
Non -Cancel Period 1. 49pm - 1.50 pm
T+1 Session:
Pre -Opening 2.30 pm - 2.43 pm
Non -Cancel Period 2.43 pm - 2.45pm
Opening 2.45 pm - 10.55pm
Trading Hours on Last Trading Day
8.45am - 1.50pm.
Last Trading Day
Second last business day of the contract month.
Daily Price Limits
Whenever the price moves by 7% in either direction, from the previous day's settlement price, trading at or within the price limit of 7% is allowed for the next 10 minutes (initial price limit). After this 10 minutes have elapsed, the intermediate price limit shall come into effect. The intermediate daily price limit shall be 10% above or below the previous day's settlement price. There shall be a further 10 minutes cooling-off period after the intermediate price limit of 10% has been reached. After this 10 minutes have elapsed, the final price limit shall come into effect. The final daily price limit shall be 15% above or below the previous day's settlement price. The final price limit shall apply for the remainder of the trading day.
There shall be no price limits on the Last Trading Day for the expiring contract.
Delivery
Cash settlement. The final settlement price shall be the official closing price of the index, rounded to the nearest two decimal places, on the last trading day.
Position Limit
A person shall not own or control more than 10,000 contracts net long or net short in all contract months combined.
Additional Trading Facilities
Negotiated Large Trade:
Minimum 200 lots.
* Effective 6 April 2009, Monday.
Access To SGX TiMSCI Futures Real-Time Trading Data
Price Vendor
T session
T+1 session
Combined
Bloomberg
-
-
TWA<INDEX>CT
Comstock
-
-
2sTWNmy
CQG
-
-
ZAA
Quick
-
-
FMSTW.n/SGXE
Reuters
1STWam:<F3>
1STWpm:<F3>
1STW:<F3>
Telekurs
TWyym,344
TWyym,812
-
European Style SGX MSCI Taiwan Index (SGX TiMSCI) Options
(live on 3rd July 2006)
Items
Specifications
Ticker Symbol
Calls – CTW
Puts – PTW
Contract Size
One SGX MSCI Taiwan index futures contract
Contract Months
2 nearest serial months and 4 quarterly months in March, June, September and December cycle
2 nearest serial months and 12 quarterly months on a March, June, September and December cycle*
Trading Hours
T Session:
8.45am - 1.50pm
T+1 Session:
2.45pm - 10.55pm
Trading Hours on Last Trading Day
8.45am - 1.50pm.
Minimum Price Fluctuation
0.01 point of the SGX MSCI Taiwan Index
(equivalent to US$1)
Cabinet Trade
US$1
Strike Price
5 index points interval
Strike price shall be stated in terms of the SGX MSCI Taiwan Index futures contract which is deliverable upon exercise of the Option and shall be an integer divisible by 5 without reminder e.g.295, 300, 305, etc.
The Exchange will list At-the-Money (ATM) strike call and put options and the next four eligible exercise prices above and below the ATM strike.
The Exchange will list At-the-Money (ATM) strike call and put options and the next eight eligible exercise prices above and below the ATM strike.*
ATM strike refers to the exercise price nearest to the previous Day's Settlement Price of the underlying MSCI Taiwan Futures.
For new contract month, ATM strike will refer to the exercise price nearest to the previous day's Daily Settlement Price of the Spot Month Futures Contract.
No new options shall be listed, however, if there are less than three calendar days to the Last Trading Day of the Options.
Last Trading Day
The second last business day of the contract month.
Trading Halt
There shall be no trading in any options contract when the underlying futures contract is bid or offered:
at its initial daily price limit, or
at its expanded daily price limit.
Option Exercise
European Style. The option may be exercised only upon expiration. In the absence of contrary instructions delivered to the Clearing House, an option that is in-the-money at expiration shall be automatically exercised.
Exercise results in a long MSCI Taiwan Index futures position, which corresponds with the option’s contract month for a call buyer or a put seller, and a short MSCI Taiwan Index futures position for a put buyer or a call seller.
Position Limit
A person shall not own or control options and underlying MSCI Taiwan Index Futures contracts that exceed 10,000 futures-equivalent contracts net on the same side of the market in all contract months combined.
Additional Trading Facilities
Negotiated Large Trade: Minimum 25 lots
* Effective 6 April 2009, Monday.
Access To SGX TiMSCI Options Real-Time Trading Data
Price Vendor
Bloomberg
TWA<INDEX>OMON
Quick
PMSTW.n*1/SGX
Reuters*
0#1STWs
Telekurs
Call options: TWyymcstrikes,344
Put options: TWyympstrikes,344
* X denotes strike price of the option
To download a copy of the SGX MSCI Taiwan Index Futures & Options brochure, please click on the pdf file below.
SGX MSCI Taiwan Index Futures & Options Brochure
English Version
Chinese Version
Full Contract Specifications
Full TW Futures Contract Specifications
Full TW Option Contract Specifications
Download
Adobe® Reader®
to view and print Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) files.