Trading With Singapore Exchange Ltd | SGX
About Us
|
Investor Relations
|
Careers
|
SGXNet
|
Contact Us
|
FAQs
English
|
中文
Market Information
Securities
Stocks
ADRs
Company Warrants
REITs
Share Buyback
Certificates
ETFs
Leveraged and Inverse Products
Structured Warrants
Fixed Income
Retail Bonds
Retail Preference Shares
SGS Bonds
Derivatives
Delayed Prices
Futures
Options
Negotiated Large Trade
Pace of Roll
Final Settlement Price
Indices
Indices
STI Constituents
Marking of Sell Orders
Sector Summary
Market Summary
Circuit Breaker
Market Statistics
Position Papers
Historical Data
Securities
Derivatives
Time & Sales Data
Daily Data Download
Company Information
StockFacts
All In One
Warrants
Fixed Income
Other Products
Company Announcements
IPOs
IPO Prospectus
IPO Performance
Corporate Information
Corporate Action
Meeting Schedules
Annual / Financial Reports
Prospectus / Circulars / Offer Documents
Assistance Programme
Stock / Indices List
Secondary Listings
Watch-List
CDP Buying-In Info
ISIN Code Download
Catalodge
By Company
By Status
By Offer Type
By Lodgement Date
By Publish Date
Catalist Companies & Sponsors
Sponsorship History By Company
Sponsorship History By Sponsor
Products
Securities
At a Glance
About Securities
Stocks
REITs & Business Trust
ETFs
Leveraged and Inverse Products
Structured Warrants
American Depositary Receipts
Fixed Income
Retail
Institutional
Evaluated Bond Price
List of available bonds/fixed income securities
Derivatives
At a Glance
About Derivatives
Platforms
Financial Products
Commodities Products
Contracts Comparator
Services
Overview
Market Data
Market Data Policy
Data Feeds
Securities Market Direct Feed (SMDF)
Derivatives Market Direct Feed (DMDF)
Post-Trade Data Feed
SGX News
SGXNews via XML
SGXNews via SWIFT Network
End of Day Corporate Actions Service
Historical & Reference Data
Our Data Vendors
Market Connectivity
Co-Location
Managed Network Services
Offshore Connectivity (Liquidity Hubs)
Dedicated Network Gateway
Access
Securities Trading
Derivatives Trading
Clearing
Risk Management
SGX Index Edge
Advertise with Us
Online
Print Media
Trading
Securities
Trading & Settlement
Trading Hours & Calendar
CDP
Membership
Trading Safeguards
Dual Currency Trading
Reach Order Types
Market Makers & Liquidity Providers
Securities Borrowing and Lending (SBL)
Derivatives
Trading Facility
Trading Hours & Calendar
Membership
Commodities
Trading Hours & Calendar
Depository
Institutions
Introduction
Participants
Services
Fee Schedule
Regulation
Post Trade Statistics
Retail
About CDP Services
FAQ
Clearing
Securities
Securities Clearing
Membership
Financial Safeguards
Acceptable Collaterals
Operational Information
PFMI Disclosure Documents
Derivatives
Derivatives Clearing
Membership
Financial Safeguards
Acceptable Collaterals
Clearing Systems
Operational Information
Span Download Interim Cycle
Span Download PM cycle
PFMI Disclosure Documents
User Login
Regulation
Overview
How We Regulate
Markets
SGX as a Market Regulator
Supervision of Markets
Disciplinary Framework
Listing
Mainboard and Catalist
Catalist Sponsors
Catalist Sponsors List
Members
Admission
Continuous Obligations
List of Member Firms
Risk Management
Guiding Principles
ERM Framework
Risk Controls and Safeguards
Consultations and Publications
Regulatory Announcements
Consultation Papers
Regulator's Columns
Listing Rule Waivers
Evergreen Listing Rule Waivers
Statistics
Past Disciplinary Actions
DCO Submissions and Notices
Listing Compliance Bulletin
Regulatory Decision
Listing Compliance Toolkit
Rulebook
Independent Committees
Sustainability Reporting
Home
>
Trading
>
Derivatives
>
Trading Facility
{}
My Gateway
Listing On SGX
Members & Professionals
Market Vendor
Media Centre
Derivatives Trading
SGX Eurodollar Futures
Quarter tick trading is available for spot month futures contracts (0.0025 points valued at US$6.25) while half-tick trading is available for the second contract month right through to the tenth year futures contracts (0.005 points valued at US$12.50). Quarter tick trading is available for the second nearest contract month on the last trading day of the expiring contract month.
SGX Eurodollar Options
Quarter tick trading is available for the options contracts when the underlying futures contract is also trading in quarter ticks. Half-tick trading is available for all other options contracts.
SGX Euroyen (Tibor) Futures
Quarter tick trading is available for front four contract months (0.0025 points valued at ¥625) while half-tick trading is available for all other contract months (0.005 points valued at ¥1,250).
SGX Euroyen (Tibor) Options
Half-tick trading is available for all contract months (0.005 points valued at ¥1,250).
From Monday, 11 December 2000, SGX-DT customers can transact large-sized orders on designated futures and options listed on the Exchange without price and execution uncertainties or delays. Referred to as Negotiated Large Trade (NLT), this facility permits the transaction of large-sized trades, which normally concluded over-the-counter, to be dealt and cleared by the Exchange.
Under the NLT facility, SGX-DT members and their customers are able to trade large-sized futures, options and spreads with each other and amongst institutional participants, through direct and private negotiation. These NLT trades are then reported to the exchange for clearing. Subsequently, the positions thus established can be traded on SGX-DT as regular contracts.
The NLT facility complements SGX-DT's existing open outcry and electronic markets in offering an enhanced alternative to the over-the-counter markets. The facility is a significant enhancement for the derivatives market as it offers professional market participants a more efficient execution facility for large-sized trades, with a more comprehensive clearing infrastructure than the over-the-counter markets. SGX-DT is confident that the facility will successfully deepen its contracts' liquidity and attract more large orders to its marketplace.
A Negotiated Large Trade is a privately negotiated large-sized order at or above a certain minimum volume guideline for the Designated Contract, that is transacted off the Exchange floor or its electronic trading facility, but which is subsequently reported to the Clearing House for acceptance and clearing, in accordance with the Exchange’s NLT Conditions and Operating Procedures.
NLT can be directly negotiated between non-member customers and then communicated to their respective clearing member. In this regard, the use of the NLT facility is restricted to SGX-DT members and “accredited investors” which include brokers/dealers, financial institutions, government entities, fund managers, investment companies, insurance companies, and any high net worth individuals whose net personal assets exceed S$5m or its foreign currency equivalent; or any corporation with net assets exceeding S$10 m in value or its foreign currency equivalent as determined in accordance with the most recent audited balance sheet of the corporation.
The NLT facility is available for all recognized intra-commodity and inter-commodity spreads for futures and options, including various combinations of futures and/or options and related strategy trades, provided that the contracts involved are designated contracts under the NLT facility.
SGX is pleased to announce that with effect from 6 April 2009, the current NLT facility will be replaced by a new web-based trade registration
system named eNLT (Electronic Negotiated Large Trade). The eNLT system seeks to enhance the efficiency and accessibility of the registration
and clearing of NLTs.
1. Minimum Volume Guideline
:
Within the same commodity group, an NLT is deemed to be in accordance with the Minimum Volume Guideline (MVG) (see Appendix A for the MVG) if at least one of the legs meet its MVG.
Example: NK Futures MVG = 100 lots
NK Options MVG = 25 lots
The following NLT is deemed to be in accordance with the MVG as one of the legs (NK Options Apr 09 Call 9000) is in accordance with its MVG of 25 lots:
Contract Qty Price
NK Futures Jun 09 19 lots @9000
NK Options Apr 09 Call 9000 13 lots @300
NK Options Apr 09 Call 9000 12 lots @301
NK Options May 09 Put 8888 2 lots @610
2. Registration of NLT in eNLT
Clearing Members will no longer need to seek the Exchange’s approval before registering their NLT in eNLT (Electronic Negotiated Large Trades). Clearing Members must satisfy themselves that transacted prices are fair and reasonable, upon which they can proceed to register the trade.
3. Deterrence Fees for Late Submission
Clearing Members are required to register their trades on eNLT on a timely basis, and in any case no later than 30 minutes after the relevant market closes. A flat deterrence fee of S$5000 per trade will be imposed for all late trades.
However NLT concluded after market-hours can continue to be registered within the next business day as the following day’s trade date.
4. NLT Data Display
:
Click
here
for information on NLT Data.
5. Minimum Volume Guideline
Please click
here
to view the full schedule of MVGs
6. Minimum Tick Size
A trade may be registered on eNLT at a finer tick size than in the screen trading market. Please click
here
to view the full Minimum Tick schedule.
SGX Market Control supports trading-related requests from registered contacts for the SGX-DT platform.
Registered contacts include members, clearing firms and their authorized contacts, as designated via Appointment of Authorized Coordinators Form to the Contingency Order Withdrawal Process, which is in accordance with SGX-DT Futures Trading Rules Practice Note 4.1.9.
Contacting Market Control
Please contact SGX Market Control at 6236-8433 or via Fax at 6536-6480. SGX Market Control only accepts calls from registered contacts.
1. Contingency Order Withdrawal Services
SGX Market Control, can in cases of emergency, cancel customer orders upon request. Callers should note that SGX Market Control Procedures require confirmation of security information and caller authentication prior to SGX Market Control processing any order status queries or cancellation requests.
Please refer to the following documents:
Contingency Order Withdrawal Process
Appointment of Authorized Coordinator Form
Upon completion of the contingency order withdrawal, the requestor is required to return the duly completed acknowledgement form within the same business day:
Order Withdrawal Acknowledgement Form
2. Error Trade Management Services
SGX Market Control handles management of error trades requested by SGX-DT Clearing members in accordance with SGX-DT Trading Rule 4.1.8. Authorized Coordinators of requesting DT Clearing members must submit the duly completed error trade request form within the same business day:
SGX DT Error Trade Information Form
The error trade policy is in place to provide certainty to market participants on the validity of trades executed in the derivatives market. Please refer to the FAQs on the error trade policy
http://www.sgx.com/faqs
for more information and the SGX Futures Trading Rules for more information.
All error trades reported to SGX and the outcome of these error trades are disseminated to market participants on Titan DT and the SGX website. Members are reminded to trade carefully in the product for which an error trade has occurred.
3. On-Demand Listing of Options Services
SGX-DT Market Participants will submit the request form electronically (via email) to
derivatives.mc@sgx.com
in the case where TITAN OTC fails to register. Incomplete forms will not be processed.
Request for On-Demand Listing of Options
New options strikes will generally be created within the current trading session if the request is submitted at least one hour before the close of the current trading session. Options strike created from requests submitted less than an hour before trading session closes will only be available in the next trading session.
Requested strikes must comply with existing listed strike intervals and contract months. The Exchange reserves the rights to reject any such requests at its sole discretion.
Directory
-->
Directory
Market Information
Securities
Derivatives
Indices
Historical Data
Market Summary
Company Disclosure
Company Announcements
Prospectus / Circulars
Corporate Action
All in One Information
MAS - OPERA
Academy
Rulebook
Online Education Programme
Advertise With Us
PDPA
RSS
Historical Data
ST Commentary
Investor Guide
Bull Charge
Login
CDP Internet Service
IRFacts
SGX BondPro
OTC Financial Derivatives
SGXPrime
SGXReach
SGXAccess
SGXClear
Quest DT
Titan DT & DC
Titan OTC
Regulation e-Submission
Quick Links
Careers
Academy
Shareholders
Historical Data
Singapore Securities Market
-->
Singapore Securities Market
Loading..
Volume:
Value:
Gainers/Losers:
SGX
Market Overview
-->
Market Overview
Loading..
Commodities
Loading..
GoldSpotPrice
© Singapore Exchange Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Company Reg. No. 199904940D
Terms of Service
Your Thoughts Matters
We are working on improving SGX.com. Join us by participating the website survey
Do not show this message again.
Close
Continue