                       SGX NIKKEI STOCK AVERAGE
                    FUTURES CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS

1.   SCOPE OF CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS AND DEFINITIONS
2.   TRADING
     2.1 Trading Months and Hours
     2.2 Contract Value and Trading Unit
     2.3 Minimum Fluctuations
     2.4 Position Limits
     2.5 Computation of Positions
     2.6 Price Limits and Cooling Off Period
     2.7 Price Limits on Last Trading Day
     2.8 Trigger for Price Limits
     2.9 Termination of Trading
3.   CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT
     3.1 Final Settlement Price
     3.2 Alternative Resolution of Final Settlement Price
     3.3 Final Settlement
     3.4 Other Rules and Procedures for Clearing and Settlement
1.      SCOPE OF CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS AND DEFINITIONS
        These Nikkei Stock Average Futures contract specifications (“these Specifications”) govern
        futures trading in the Nikkei Stock Average on the SGX-DT Market. The rules and
        procedures for trading that are not specifically covered in these Specifications shall be as set
        forth in the Trading Rules.1 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall
        have the meanings ascribed to them under the Trading Rules. For the purposes of these
        Specifications and unless the context otherwise requires, the following capitalized terms shall
        have the meanings set forth below:

         Futures Contract           Refers to the Nikkei Stock Average futures contract traded on the
                                    SGX-DT Market;

         Cooling Off Period         Refers to a period of fifteen (15) minutes or such other period as
                                    the Exchange may from time to time prescribe during which each
                                    Futures Contract may only continue to be traded at or within its
                                    Price Limits for the time being in force;

         Final Lower Limit          Refers to a price of twelve and a half percent (12½%) or such
                                    other amount as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time
                                    below the previous Trading Day’s Daily Settlement Price for such
                                    Futures Contract;

         Final Upper Limit          Refers to a price of twelve and a half percent (12½%) or such
                                    other amount as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time
                                    above the previous Trading Day’s Daily Settlement Price for such
                                    Futures Contract;

         Initial Lower Limit        Refers to a price of seven and a half percent (7½%) or such other
                                    amount as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time below
                                    the previous Trading Day’s Daily Settlement Price for such
                                    Futures Contract;

         Initial Upper Limit        Refers to a price of seven and a half percent (7½%) or such other
                                    amount as the Exchange may prescribe from time to time above
                                    the previous Trading Day’s Daily Settlement Price for such
                                    Futures Contract;

         Nikkei Stock Average       Refers to a price-weighted index of selected stocks listed in the
                                    first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, compiled by Nihon
                                    Keizai Shimbun, Inc or Nikkei Digital Media, Inc;

         Option Contract            Refers to the Option on Nikkei Stock Average Futures contract traded on
                                    the SGX-DT Market;


         OSE                        Refers to the Osaka Securities Exchange;

         USD     Nikkei     Stock   Refers to the US dollar-denominated Nikkei Stock Average Futures

1
  Trading Rules refers to the Futures Trading Rulebook, which may be found on the Exchange’s website at
http://www.sgx.com.
      Average Futures            contract traded on the SGX-DT Market.


2.   TRADING

     2.1     Trading Months and Hours
     The Futures Contract shall be listed for such Contract Months and scheduled for trading
     during such hours as may be determined by the Exchange.

     2.2     Contract Value and Trading Unit
     Each Futures Contract shall be valued at five hundred (500) Japanese Yen times the Futures
     Contract price. The trading unit shall be five hundred (500) Japanese Yen times the Futures
     Contract price.

     2.3     Minimum Fluctuations
     Bids and offers shall be quoted in index points. The minimum fluctuation of the Futures
     Contract traded as outrights trades shall be five (5) index points, equivalent to two thousand
     five hundred (2,500) Japanese Yen per Futures Contract, while the minimum fluctuation of
     the Futures Contract traded as calendar spreads or as part of any other strategy trades shall be
     one (1) index point, equivalent to five hundred (500) Japanese Yen per Futures Contract.

     2.4     Position Limits
     Unless otherwise approved by the Exchange and subject to Rule 4.1.18 of the Trading Rules,
     a Person shall not own or control any combination of Futures Contracts and Option Contracts
     on the Nikkei Stock Average futures that exceeds an equivalent of ten thousand (10,000)
     contracts net in the Futures Contracts, on the same side of the Market, and in all Contract
     Months combined.

     2.5     Computation of Positions
     For the purpose of computing positions for compliance with clause 2.4:
     (a)     the USD Nikkei Stock Average Futures shall be adjusted to its equivalent of the
             Futures Contract by a conversion rate as determined by the Exchange from time to
             time;
     (b)     the Mini Nikkei Stock Average Futures shall be deemed to be equal to one-fifth (1/5)
             of a Futures Contract;
     (c)     the futures-equivalent of an Option Contract is the relevant option delta computed by
             Clearing House for the option series; and

     (d)     a long call Option Contract, a short put Option Contract, and a long Futures Contract
             are on the same side of the Market. Conversely, a short call Option Contract, a long
             put Option Contract, and a short Futures Contract are on the same side of the Market.
           2.6       Price Limits and Cooling Off Period
           There shall be no trading in any Futures Contract at a price above its Initial Upper Limit or
           below its Initial Lower Limit except as provided for in this clause 2.6 and clause 2.7. If the
           price for any Futures Contract reaches either its Initial Upper Limit or Initial Lower Limit, the
           Exchange will signal a Cooling Off Period. After such Cooling Off Period, the respective
           Final Upper Limit and Final Lower Limit for each Futures Contract shall come into effect for
           the remainder of the Trading Day.

           2.7       Price Limits on Last Trading Day
           Notwithstanding clause 2.6, there shall be no Price Limits on the Last Trading Day for an
           expiring Futures Contract after a Cooling Off Period signalled pursuant to clause 2.6, and no
           Price Limits shall come into effect during the last thirty (30) minutes before the close of
           trading on the Last Trading Day for the expiring Futures Contract. However, if the Cooling
           Off Period signalled pursuant to clause 2.6 should overlap into the last thirty (30) minutes of
           the trading session, the portion of the Cooling Off Period which overlaps into the last thirty
           (30) minutes of the trading session shall continue to remain in force.

           2.8       Trigger for Price Limits
           The Initial Upper Limit and Initial Lower Limit shall be deemed to have been reached upon
           the making of the first unsatisfied bid at the Initial Upper Limit in part or in whole, or the first
           unsatisfied offer at the Initial Lower Limit in part or in whole, as the case may be.

           2.9       Termination of Trading
           Trading in each Futures Contract shall terminate on the last trading day of the Nikkei Stock
           Average futures contract traded on the OSE.2 However, if such day is not a day when the
           Exchange is open for trading in the Futures Contract, the Last Trading Day shall instead be
           the immediate preceding Business Day when the Exchange is open for trading in the Futures
           Contract.

3.         CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT
           Settlement under these Specifications shall be by cash settlement.

           3.1       Final Settlement Price
           The Final Settlement Price shall be the final settlement price (or other analogous concept
           employed in the OSE) which is used to settle the Nikkei Stock Average futures contract at
           OSE and determined according to such methods utilised by OSE as approved by the
           Exchange. This value will usually be based on the opening quotation of the Nikkei Stock
           Average on the second Friday of the Contract Month.

           3.2       Alternative Resolution of Final Settlement Price
           Notwithstanding clause 3.1, the Exchange and the Clearing House may, where the Final
           Settlement Price prescribed in clause 3.1 is not available, resolve that the Final Settlement
           Price shall be determined by other means in accordance with Rule 4.1.20 of the Trading
           Rules. The decision of the Exchange and the Clearing House shall be binding upon all parties
           to the Futures Contract.


2
    The last trading day on OSE is usually the day before the second Friday of the contract month.
        3.3     Final Settlement
        Clearing Members holding Open Positions in a Futures Contract at the time of termination of
        trading in that Futures Contract shall make payment to or receive payment from the Clearing
        House in accordance with normal variation margin procedures, based on a settlement price
        equal to the Final Settlement Price.


        3.4     Other Rules and Procedures for Clearing and Settlement
        The rules and procedures for clearing and settlement that are not specifically covered in these
        Specifications shall be governed by the Clearing Rules.3




3
  The Clearing Rules refers to the SGX-DC Clearing Rules, which may be found on the Exchange’s website at
http://www.sgx.com.
