SGX - Singapore Exchange Ltd
Search:
Welcome to SGX
-->
Welcome to SGX
MarketPlace Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Prices, Indices, Statistics
Securities
Stocks
Warrants
Bonds, Debentures, Loan Stocks
REITs
ETFs
Share Buyback
Extended Settlement
Derivatives
Delayed Prices
Negotiated Large Trade Data
Final Settlement Price
Indices
STI and FTSE ST Indices Intraday Values
Market Summary
Sector Summary
Market Statistics
Securities
Derivatives
Historical Prices
Securities
Derivatives
Listed Companies
IPOs
IPO Prospectus
IPO Performance
Company All-In-One Info
Warrants All-In-One Info
Company Announcements
Corporate Information
Corporate Distribution
Corporate Action
AGM Schedules
Annual / Financial Reports
Prospectus / Circulars
Assistance Programme
Stock / Indices List
ISIN Code Download
Results Reporting
Secondary Listings
Watchlist
CDP Buying-In Info
Investor Centre
Investor Education
Getting Started
Investor FAQs
Webcast
Catalist Education
Investor Resources
Special Events And Seminars
Research Reports
Educational Articles
Selected Readings
Pulses
Investor Tools
Investment Calculator
Profit and Loss Calculator
Financial Calculator
Extended Settlement Calculator
Dividend Discount Calculator
Structured Warrant Calculator
Chart Viewer
Glossary
Brokerage Finder
Market Professionals
Securities Membership
Becoming a Securities Member
Directory of Securities Members
Derivatives Membership
Becoming a Derivatives Member
Directory of Derivatives Members
Data Services
SGX SecuritiesBook
SGX DerivativesQuote
SGXNews
Mobile Data
SGX Live Data
Historical Market Data
Market Access
SGX Securities Market
SGX Derivatives Market
Quest-DT Upgrade
SGXAccess Tech Specs
Securities Trading Infrastructure
SGX Proximity Hosting Services
SGX Prime
Trading on SGX
Securities Market
Securities Trading and Settlement
Securities Trading Hours and Calendar
Securities Clearing
Derivatives Market
Derivatives Trading Hours and Calendar
Derivatives Trading Facility
Derivatives Clearing
CDP
SGX AsiaClear
SGX Clear
Default Management
Products
Securities Products
Stocks
Bonds and Debentures
ETFs
REITs
Global Depository Receipts
Business Trusts
Company Warrants
Structured Warrants
Certificates
Stapled Securities
Securities Borrowing and Lending
Extended Settlement
Derivatives Products
Equity Index Futures Options
Interest Rate Futures Options
Commodity Futures Options
Quick Links
SGX Corporate Home
Search
Equity Index Futures/Options
Contract Specifications
As a pioneer in Asian equity futures and options, the Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading Limited (SGX-DT) was the first market in Asia to list equity index futures. Over the years, its range of Asian equity futures and options has expanded to include Japan, Taiwan, India, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Centre of Asian Equity Index Trading
Users from around the world are attracted by the numerous advantages of the SGX-DT. Since its first equity futures product was launched in 1986, the SGX-DT has become a prominent trading centre for Asian equity indexes.
Today, it offers one-stop access to the world's widest range of Asian stock index futures. In the coming years, users can expect the range of stock index contracts to expand as the Exchange has identified this as a core development area.
Index Partners
The underlying indices of all stock index futures and options contracts listed on the SGX-DT are compiled by highly respected organisations with a long history, experience and expertise in this area.
These firms are FTSE Xinhua Index Limited (FXI), India Services & Products (IISL), Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI), Nihon Keizan Shimbun (NKS) and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH).
Data on the indices, computed and published by these index providers, are available through a wide range of print media, wire and news services as well as the following websites:
FXI -
http://www.ftse.com/xinhua/english/index.jsp
IISL -
http://www.nse-india.com
MSCI -
http://www.msci.com/licensing/index_derive.html
NKS -
http://www.nni.nikkei.co.jp/FR/SERV/nikkei_indexes/
SPH and FTSE -
http://www.straitstimes.com/stindex
or
http://www.ftse.com/ftse_st_index_series
The Indexes
* Nikkei 225 Index
First compiled in 1949, the Nikkei Stock Average or Nikkei 225 is a price-weighted index of 225 issues listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Computed using the Dow method and managed by Nihon Keizai Shimbun Inc (NKS), the index is disseminated through major price reporting media and is used worldwide as the representative index of the Japanese stock market. By trading SGX Nikkei 225 futures, users can track the broad movements of Tokyo stock market.
* MSCI Taiwan Index
SM
The MSCI Taiwan Index
SM
is a free float-adjusted market capitalisation index. Index represents Taiwanese companies that are available to investors.
The index aims for 60% coverage of the total market capitalization and the chosen list of stocks includes a representation sampling large, medium and small capitalization companies, taking into account the stock liquidity.
The index is compiled fully and independently by Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI).
* MSCI Asia APEX 50 Index
SM
The MSCI Asia APEX 50 Index
SM
is a free float market capitalisation weighted index. The index aims to serve as a liquid proxy to the broader MSCI AC Asia ex Japan index, a benchmark index widely followed by investors investing in Asia. The index captures the performance of the 50 largest stocks in the Asia ex Japan region. To ensure the highest level of tradability, a stringent set of investability screens are applied during the index construction process.
* MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
Compiled fully and independently by Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI), the MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
is market capitalization weighted and has a base date of 31 December 1969 with a value of 100.
In comparison with the Hang Seng Index, the MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
has a broader based representation with a combined market capitalization of US$330 billion - representing about 68% of the Hong Kong stock market. In line with this broad capitalisation, the MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
tracks the volatility of the Hang Seng Index closely with a 99.995% daily correlation, making it an almost perfect substitute to the Hang Seng Index.
The MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
differs from the standard MSCI Hong Kong Index
SM
in that it includes HSBC Holdings. All other constituents and weights remain the same. HSBC is included at the full weight of both its GBP and HKD lines of stock. As HSBC represents a large part of the trading volume of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the goal when developing the MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
was to provide the best proxy for the stock market in Hong Kong as the basis for a futures contract, as well as to reflect the opportunity set for investors in the region.
The MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
is calculated in local currency in Hong Kong without dividends. The selection criteria for the MSCI Hong Kong+ Index
SM
's component companies emphasizes liquidity, free float and large market capitalization.
This facilitates trading of the shares in the index and readily enables arbitrage between the futures and cash markets, thus keeping the futures contract fairly priced.
* MSCI Singapore Index
SM
First published in May 1993 and with historical data going back to January 1988, the MSCI Singapore Free (SiMSCI) Index
SM
helps investors to identify broad market trends in the Singapore stock market.
Compiled fully and independently by Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI), this market capitalization-weighted index tracks the prices of stocks listed on SGX, representing a sample of small-, medium- and large-capitalized companies.
The SiMSCI Index
SM
is widely used as a performance benchmark of the Singapore stock market.
* Straits Times Index
The Straits Times Index (STI) replaced the Straits Times Industrials Index (STII) on 31 August 1998 and started life where the STII ended - at 885.2 points. The STI was revamped with effect from 10 January 2008 continuing from the previous close of 3344.53. It now represents the performance of the top 30 stocks of the Singapore market based on market capitalization while being free float-adjusted using an internationally recognized methodology from FTSE.
* CNX Nifty Index
The CNX Nifty Index is compiled by the India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a joint venture between the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) and CRISIL Ltd. (formerly the Credit Rating Information Services of India Limited). The CNX Nifty Index is a well diversified market capitalisation weighted index comprising 50 large and highly liquid securities traded on the NSE. The Nifty index covers about 23 sectors of the economy and approximately 60% of the total market capitalisation of the underlying India bourse.
* FTSE Xinhua China A50 Index
The FTSE Xinhua China A50 Index is a real-time tradable index comprising the largest 50 A Share companies by full market capitalisation. Designed to meet the needs of Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFIIs), it can be used as a basis for on-exchange and derivative products such as the SGX FTSE Xinhua China A50 Index Futures, for mutual funds as well as a performance benchmark.
The FTSE Xinhua China A50 Index covers shares listed on both the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges and is calculated every 15 seconds with a market open time at 09:30 (local time) and closes at 15:15 (local time). The index is calculated and published in Renimbi. A total return index (TRI) value that takes into account reinvested dividends is published daily at the end of the day.
LIST OF EQUITY FUTURES/OPTIONS
List of Equity Index Futures/Options:
Mini SGX Nikkei 225 Index (SGX Mini Nikkei 225) Futures
SGX FTSE Xinhua ChinaA50 Index Futures
SGX Nikkei 225 Index (SGX Nikkei 225) Futures/Options
SGX MSCI Asia APEX 50 Index Futures
SGX USD Nikkei 225 Index Futures
SGX MSCI Japan Index Futures
SGX MSCI Taiwan Index (SGX TiMSCI) Futures/Options
SGX MSCI Singapore Index (SGX SiMSCI) Futures/Options
SGX Straits Times Index (SGX STI) Futures
SGX MSCI Hong Kong Index (SGX HiMSCI) Futures
SGX CNX Nifty Index Futures
CONTACT US
|
FEEDBACK
|
TERMS OF USE
-->