SGX - Singapore Exchange Ltd.
Equity Index
Futures/Options
Interest Rates
Futures/Options
Commodity Futures
Home
» Products/Services » Derivatives » Equity Index Futures/Options »
SGX Straits Times Index (SGX STI) Futures
Choose to view Contract Specifications of other Equity Index Futures / Options:
SGX Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures
SGX FTSE Xinhua China A50 Index Futures
SGX Nikkei 225 Index (SGX Nikkei 225) Futures/Options
SGX USD Nikkei 225 Index Futures
SGX MSCI Asia APEX 50 Index Futures
SGX MSCI Japan Index Futures
SGX MSCI Taiwan Index (SGX TiMSCI) Futures/Options
SGX MSCI Singapore Index (SGX SiMSCI) Futures
SGX Straits Times Index (SGX STI) Futures
SGX MSCI Hong Kong+ Index (SGX HiMSCI) Futures
SGX CNX Nifty Index Futures
Contract Specifications of SGX Straits Times Index (SGX STI) Futures
Discover another promising opportunity to trade the Singapore stock market, efficiently and cost effectively!
Straits Times Index: The Popular Local Benchmark
Revamped on 10 January 2008, the STI represents the performance of the top 30 stocks of the Singapore market, based on market capitalization, while being free-float adjusted and liquidity-screened using an internationally recognised methodology from FTSE.
Straits Times Index Factsheet
Straits Times Index Factsheet
For more information on the STI, please refer to
http://www.ftse.com/ftse_st_index_series
http://www.straitstimes.com/stindex
Introducing STI futures, an affordable and flexible way to trade and hedge Singapore stocks.
The STI futures is based on the popular market benchmark, the Straits Times Index (STI). This futures contract opens a whole new world of investment opportunities for an investor who wishes to capitalise on movements in the Singapore stock market. Designed as a versatile and very cost-effective hedging and trading instrument, the STI futures helps you protect against, or profit from, stock market fluctuations without changing your actual dollar investment in stocks.
More than just watching and monitoring the movements of the popular STI, investors can now trade the index efficiently and cost effectively. Essentially, the STI futures allows the investor to trade a portfolio of 30 market-representative stocks listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd at a mere fraction - about 5-10% - of its value.
Trading the STI futures effectively means trading a synthetic investment portfolio related to the basket of 30 constituent stocks that make up the STI. This means the investor is participating in broad market movements instead of single stock movements. This reduces the need for individual stock selection. Market risk is also diversified over 30 stocks instead of a single stock.
With a multiplier of $10, the STI futures has a competitive contract size of about approximately $30,000 ($10 X 3000). The contract has been designed with affordability as one of its key consideration. At a minimum movement of $10 per index point, it is also very easy to calculate for the average investor.
Straits Times Index Futures
Straits Times Index Futures Factsheet
Advantages Of Trading The STI Futures
flexibility of buying or selling first (shorting)
enables hedging/protection of stock portfolio from falling prices
allows diversification of risks spread over 30 constituent stocks
sound leverage trading - margin trading
small investment outlay
broad market exposure based on a basket of shares
low transaction/commission cost
Questions And Answers
What is the value of the STI futures contract ?
The value of each STI futures contract is equal to S$10 multiplied by the current index trading level. If the index is trading at 3000, holding a futures contract will be equivalent to investing S$30,000 in the stock portfolio of the 30 listed companies. Therefore, when a STI futures contract is traded, it means the seller in essence, agreed to sell S$30,000 and the buyer agreed to buy S$30,000 worth of stocks, as measured by the STI.
Do I need to own any of the stocks included in the STI in order to trade the futures contract at SGX-DT ?
The STI has 30 constituent stocks including household names such as Capitaland, DBS, OCBC, SIA, SingTel and UOB. However, you do not need to own any stocks in order to trade the STI futures. You can use the futures contract to protect your stock portfolio if your portfolio is part of the STI. Alternatively, if you have a profit motive, you can adopt a speculative approach by investing in the STI futures. So, if you have an opinion on where the Singapore stock market is heading, you can act upon your opinion by either buying or selling the STI futures.
How are STI futures transacted ?
No full payment equivalent to the contract value is required. Upon initiating a futures position, the buyer and seller must each put up a margin deposit with the broker in order to secure the contract. This margin is typically about 5-10% of the contract value, and represents a good-faith deposit guaranteeing a participant's fulfilment of contractual obligations.
At the end of each trading day and all following days that your position remains open, the contract value is 'marked-to-market'; your account is credited or debited based on that day's trading session. If your account falls below a certain margin level, your broker will request for additional funds to replenish your trading account. If your position generates a profit, you may withdraw any excess funds from your account.
Margin levels prescribed by SGX-DT are based on the volatility of the underlying stock market as represented by the STI. The margin levels therefore will fluctuate depending on the historical and prevailing volatility of the STI.
How long should I hold on to a position ?
Depending on your personal preference and perspective, you may wish to adopt a:
Short-term trading approach (taking a position for 1 day, 1 hour, or even just a few minutes); or medium-term trading approach (several days to several weeks); or long-term trading approach (months at a time).
Because the Singapore stock market can be volatile at times, it is possible to take advantage of price movements over a very short time horizon - 'get in and get out'. Once you have established your position, you may:
Exit from the position before contract expiration by taking an equal but opposite futures position (selling if you have bought, buying if you have sold);
Make cash settlement at expiration; or
'Roll' the position from one contract expiration into the next contract month so that you can hold it for a longer period of time. You would usually do this if you feel that market would eventually move in favour of your position, or if you wish to continue to gain from the existing price trend. (The availability of different contract months gives investors unprecedented flexibility in their trading as they can choose the contract month that best suits their investment horizon).
What if I hold my STI futures contracts till expiry ?
Upon expiry the STI futures contracts will be cash settled by a cash amount equal to the difference between the previous day's settlement price of the contract and the final settlement price on the last trading day. There is therefore no physical delivery of the individual stocks.
How can I profit from trading the STI futures ?
With the STI futures, you can buy and sell in whatever order you want. That is, you can 'buy first, sell later' or you can 'sell first, buy later'. If you think prices are going up, you may establish a 'long' (buy) position, and if you think prices are going down, you may initiate a 'short' (sell) position.
How do I get started ?
STI futures can be bought and sold through SGX-DT member broking companies, as well as your regular stockbrokers and/or remisiers licensed to market futures.
You may need to check with a few brokers before making your selection. Information that you should enquire about would include: (1) the minimum capital required and how many contracts you would be allowed to trade with such capital; (2) broking commission; (3) type of broking services provided. Only when you are comfortable with your choice should you open an account with them.
To open an account, you will be required to complete two types of documents and furnish the capital required before you start trading. The first document is the Account Agreement Form which will contain the customers' particulars, account information and operating procedures. The second is the Risk Disclosure Document required under the Securities and Futures Act.
To begin trading, you must deposit cash or certain marginable instruments with your broker. Although SGX-DT establishes the margin levels, your broker may have higher requirements than those set by the exchange.
Contract Specifications Of SGX STI Futures
Items
Specifications
Underlying Stock Index
Straits Times Index (STI)
Ticker Symbol
ST
Contract Size
S$10 x Straits Times index futures price
Futures Price Quotation
4 digits e.g. 3375
Minimum Price Fluctuation
1 index point (S$10)
Contract Months
2 nearest serial months and 4 quarterly contract months
on March, June, September and December cycle.
Trading Hours
T Session:
Pre-Opening 8.15 am - 8.28 am
Non-Cancel Period 8.28 am - 8.30 am
Opening 8.30 am - 5.10 pm
Pre-Closing 5.10 pm - 5.14 pm
Non-Cancel Period 5.14 pm - 5.15 pm
T+1 Session:
Pre -Opening 6.00 pm - 6.13 pm
Non -Cancel Period 6.13 pm - 6.15 pm
Opening 6.15 pm - 10.55 pm
Trading Hours on Last Trading Day
T Session:
Pre-Opening 8.15 am - 8.28 am
Non-Cancel Period 8.28 am - 8.30 am
Opening 8.30 am - 5.10 pm
Pre-Closing 5.10 pm - 5.14 pm
Non-Cancel Period 5.14 pm - 5.15 pm
Last Trading Day
The second last business day of the contract month (A business day is defined as a day on which the Singapore stock market is open for trading).
Daily Price Limits
Whenever the price moves by 15% in either direction from the previous day's settlement price, trading at or within the price limit of +/- 15% is allowed for the next 10 minutes. After this "cooling-off" period has elapsed, there shall be no price limit for the remainder of the trading day.
There shall be no price limits on the last trading day of the expiring contract month.
Settlement Basis
Cash Settlement
The final settlement price shall be the value of the Straits Times Index computed based on the Special Quotation* methodology applied on each component stock of the Straits Times Index on the day following the Last Trading Day ("FSP Day"). In the event, that the FSP Day is not or will not be a Singapore Business Day, the FSP Day shall be deemed to be the next immediately available Singapore Business Day following the Last Trading Day.
Position Limit
A person shall not own or control more than 10,000 contracts net long or net short in all contract months combined.
Trading Method
On the SGX Quotation and Execution System for Trading (SGX Quest) only.
Additional Trading Facilities
Negotiated Large Trade (NLT):
Minimum size 100 lots
*
The Special Quotation is calculated by FTSE using the first traded price of each component stock in the Straits Times Index on the day following the Last Trading Day, irrespective of when these stocks first trade on the SGX trading day. If any component stock is not traded by SGX market close on the day following the Last Trading Day, the last official closing price of that stock will be used to calculate the Special Quotation
Access To Real-Time Trading Data
Price Vendor
SGX Quest
Bloomberg
SDA <INDEX>CT
Sdmy <INDEX>CT
CQG
STI
InTV
Page 404
Moneyline Telerate
Pg 22536 / 22537 or SG@Styymm
QUICK
FST.n/SGX
Reuters
SST:<F3>
Standard & Poor's Comstock
2sSTmy
Spot @STY
Telekurs
3, STyym, 344
Website
www.sgx.com
Disclaimer
Market conditions can lead to substantial profit or loss. Investors are advised to seek adequate product and market knowledge as well as proper investment advice before trading futures.
The material provided here is for general information purposes only. While care has been taken to endure its accuracy, the information is furnished to reader with no warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of its contents and on condition that any changes, omissions or errors shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action.
The Exchange has entered into a licence agreement with FTSE to be permitted to use certain stock indices that FTSE has been licensed to sub-license from SPH Data Services Pte Ltd ("SPH-DS"), which owns rights in and to the Straits Times Index and the proprietary data contained therein in connection with the listing, trading, marketing and clearing of derivative products linked to such indices.
Neither FTSE nor SPH-DS: (a) assume any liability or obligations in connection with the trading of any contract based on the Straits Times Index; or (b) accept any responsibility for any losses, expenses or damages arising in connection with the trading of any contract linked to the Straits Times Index. FTSE, SPH-DS and the Exchange do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any of the Straits Times Index or any data included therein. “FTSE®” is a trade mark of the London Stock Exchange Plc and The Financial Times Limited and “Straits Times®”, Straits Times Index®”, “ST®” and “STI®” are trade marks of Singapore Press Holdings Limited
FTSE, SPH-DS AND THE EXCHANGE MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF, OR THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY PERSON OR ANY ENTITY FROM THE USE OF, THE STRAITS TIMES INDEX, ANY INTRADAY PROXY RELATED THERETO OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRADING OF ANY CONTRACTS, OR FOR ANY OTHER USE. FTSE, SPH-DS AND THE EXCHANGE MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE STRAITS TIMES INDEX, ANY INTRADAY PROXY RELATED THERETO OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN.
Full Contract Specifications
Full ST Futures Contract Specifications