SGX - Singapore Exchange Ltd.
Equity Index
Futures/Options
Interest Rates
Futures/Options
Commodity Futures
Home
» Products/Services » Derivatives » Equity Index Futures/Options »
SGX Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures
Choose to view Contract Specifications of other Equity Index Futures / Options:
SGX Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures
SGX FTSE Xinhua China A50 Index Futures
SGX Nikkei 225 Index (SGX Nikkei 225) Futures/Options
SGX USD Nikkei 225 Index Futures
SGX MSCI Asia APEX 50 Index Futures
SGX MSCI Japan Index Futures
SGX MSCI Taiwan Index (SGX TiMSCI) Futures/Options
SGX MSCI Singapore Index (SGX SiMSCI) Futures/Options
SGX Straits Times Index (SGX STI) Futures
SGX MSCI Hong Kong+ Index (SGX HiMSCI) Futures
SGX CNX Nifty Index Futures
Contract Specifications of Mini SGX Nikkei 225 Index (SGX Mini Nikkei 225)
Futures
MINI NIKKEI FUTURES CONTRACT DESCRIPTIONS
Contract Size
¥100 x Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures Price
Ticker Symbol
NS
Contract Months
4 nearest quarterly months.
Minimum Price Fluctuation
1 index point (¥100)
Trading Hours
Singapore Time
T Session:
Pre -Opening 7.30am -7.43 am
Non -Cancel Period 7.43am -7.45 am
Opening 7.45 am - 2.30 pm
T+1 Session:
Pre -Opening 3.15 pm - 3.28 pm
Non -Cancel Period 3.28 pm - 3.30pm
Opening 3.30 pm - 10.55 pm
Last Trading Day
The day before the second Friday of the contract month.
Settlement Basis
Cash settlement
Final Settlement Price
The final settlement price shall be the Nikkei 225 Index Special Quotation based on the opening prices of each component issue in the Nikkei 225 Index on the business day following the last trading day.
Daily Price Limit
Whenever the price moves by 7.5%, in either direction from the previous day's settlement price, trading within the price limit of 7.5% is allowed for the next 15 minutes. Thereafter, an expanded price limit of 12.5% (above or below the previous day's settlement price) shall apply for the rest of the day.
On the last trading day for the expiring contract, there shall be no price limits following the 15 minutes cooling-off period after the initial price limit (7.5%) has been reached. No price limit shall come into effect during the last 30 minutes before the close of trading on the last trading day for the expiring contract. However, if the cooling-off period should overlap into the last 30 minutes of the trading session, the portion of the cooling-off period which overlaps into the last 30 minutes of trading session shall continue to be in force.
Position Limit
A person shall not own or control more than 10,000 regular Nikkei 225 futures or futures equivalent contracts net long or net short in all contract months combined.
Additional Trading Facilities
Negotiated Large Trade : Minimum 1,000 lots
EFP Trade : Eligible for EFP transaction
Price Information
Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures
Bloomberg
MNIA<INDEX>CT
CQG
NS
ComStock
Quick
111.n/SGXE
Reuters
SNS:<F3>
Telekurs
NSyym,344 (T Session) &
NSyymm,812 (T+1 Session)
SGX website
http://stquote.sgx.com/live/dt/dtprice.asp
For more information
Call your broker or trading solution providers - CQG, GL Trade, Netstock, Nyfix, Object Trading, Orc Software, Patsystems, RTS and Trading Technologies. Alternatively, contact: Adeline Ee (Tel: +65 6236 5308, e-mail:
adeline_ee@sgx.com
).
To download the Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures brochure, please click on pdf files below.
Mini Nikkei 225 Index Futures Brochure
Mini Nikkei English Brochure
Full Contract Specifications
Full Mini Nikkei Futures Contract Specifications
i. Nikkei shall own copyrights, intellectual property rights or any other rights with respect to the term “Nikkei Average” and the contents thereof;
ii. Either Nikkei Digital or Nikkei shall in no way warrant or recommend SGX Mini Nikkei Stock Average Futures;
iii. Nikkei shall have the right to change, or to have Nikkei Digital change, the contents of “Nikkei Average” and to discontinue, or have Nikkei Digital discontinue, announcing “Nikkei Average”; and
iv. Either Nikkei Digital or Nikkei shall not have any obligation or liability to publish continuously “Nikkei Average” and Nikkei Digital calculates “Nikkei Average” on the assumption that either Nikkei Digital or Nikkei shall not be liable for any error, delay or suspension with respect to the publication of “Nikkei Average.”
Download
Adobe® Reader®
to view and print Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) files.