ICE Futures U.S., Inc.


December 30, 2024



ICE Futures U.S., Inc. To Observe A Moment of Silence In Honor Of Former
President Jimmy Carter On Thursday, January 9, 2025

In recognition of the passing of President Jimmy Carter, the Exchange will observe a moment of
silence at 8:18 am NY time on Thursday, January 9, 2025.

Trading in each of the following futures contracts will end at 9:30 am NY time on that day:

             Micro NYSE FANG+TM Index futures contracts (contract symbol FNG)
             NYSE Biotechnology GTR Index futures contracts (contract symbol IUT)
             NYSE Semiconductor GTR Index futures contracts (contract symbol IUS)

Trading in each of the following futures contracts will end at 1:15 pm NY time on that day:

             ICE One-Month SOFR Index Futures (contract symbol SR1)
             ICE Three-Month SOFR Index Futures (contract symbol SR3)
             ICE Conforming 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rate Lock Weighted APR Index
                    Futures (contract symbol 30C)
             ICE Jumbo 30-year Fixed Mortgage Rage Lock Weighted APR Index
                   Futures (contract symbol 30J)

Settlement prices for these contracts will likely reflect prior day settlements, but in the event of a
significant price move may instead be based on prices during the last minute of trading.


All other contracts will follow regular trading hours and daily settlement window times.




For more information:
Tim Barry
tim.barry@ice.com
(212) 748-4096




View All Notices / Contact Us / Media Inquiries

© 2024 Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. The following are trademarks of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies: Intercontinental Exchange, ICE, New York
Stock Exchange and NYSE. For more information regarding trademarks owned by Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies see:
intercontinentalexchange.com/terms-of-use

Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant
exchange website under the heading “Key information Documents (KIDS),” commencing January 1, 2019.
