                                                                                  (\
                                                                                  '. .r



 c E roup                                                                ':\ '\J of'}
                                                                       '1-"   •




  June 28, 2011

  Mr. David Stawick



  Office of the Secretariat
  Commodity Futures Trading Commission
  Three Lafayette Centre
  1155 21st Street, N.W.
  Washington, DC 20581

  RE:     Section 5c(c)(1), Part 40.6 - Rule Certification
          NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice 1106-4
          NYMEX & COMEX Submission No. 11-251

  Dear Mr. Stawick:

 The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. ("NYMEX") and Commodity Exchange, Inc. ("COMEX")
 (collectively, the "Exchanges") hereby nbtifytlie Commodify Future§Trading-Commissiori("CFTC") that
 they will issue NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1106-4 on June 30, 2011. The
 notice informs the marketplace that effective July ii, 2011, NYMEX will introduce Trading at Marker
 ("TAM") trading pursuant to Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement, Trading at Marker ("TAM") and Matched
 Order ("MO") Transactions") based on the Singapore market close at 4:30 p.m. Singapore time in the first
 three contract months of NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil and Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures,
 and in intra-commodity spreads between the first and second, first and third and second and third
 contract months. TAM trading in these contracts will be exclusively available on CME Globex.

 As in TAS trading, parties will be able to trade at TAM or at a differential between one and ten ticks higher
 or lower than the TAM price. For TAM trading on the Singapore market close in NYMEX Brent Crude Oil
 Last Day Financial futures, the marker price will represent a weighted average of trades in the ICE Brent
 Crude Futures Minute Marker from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time. For TAM trading on the Singapore
 market close in NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil futures, the marker price in the front month will be the
 volume weighted average price ("VWAP") of outright trades on CME Globex for the one-minute period
 from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time, rounded to the nearest tradable tick. The marker price in the
 second and third contract months will be based on prices implied from the VWAPs of the one-month and
 two-month spreads that are traded on CME Globex during the one-minute period from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m.
 Singapore time, subject to certain volume thresholds.

 Additional information on the determination of the TAM prices is set forth in CME Group Special
 Executive Report S-5794 from June 7, 2011.

 A copy of RA 1106-4 and Special Executive Report S-5794 are attached to this submission. The
 Exchanges certify that the Advisory Notice complies with the Commodity Exchange Act and regulations
 thereunder. There were no substantive opposing views to this proposa/.

 If you have any questions regarding the Advisory Notice, please contact Robert Sniegowski, Market
 Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or via email atRobert.Sniegowski@cmegroup.com. Alternatively, you may
 contact me at 312.930.8167 or via email atSean.Downey@cmegroup.com. Please reference NYMEX &
 COMEX Submission No. 11-251 in any related correspondence .

. Sincerely,


 /s/ Sean Downey
 Associate Director & Assistant General Counsel
                     MARKET REGULATION ADV~SORY NOTICE


 Exchange                  NYMEX & COMEX
                           Trading at Settlement ("TAS"), Trading at Marker ("TAM") and Matched
 Subject
                           Order ("MO") Transactions
 Rule References           Rule 524
 Advisory Date             June 30, 2011
 Advisory Number           NYMEX & COMEX RA 1106-4
 Effective Date            July 11, 2011


  This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1105-4 from
- JIifle6, 2011, and is being issued based on the introductibrl of Trading at Marker ("TAM") trading-on CME- -
  Globex based on the Singapore market close at 4:30 p.m. Singapore time (Singapore time is GMT + 8
  hours). Effective July 11,2011, TAM trading based on the Singapore market close will be available in the
  first three contract months of NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil and Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
  futures, and in intra-commodity spreads between the first and second, first and third and second and third
  contract months in those products.

 For TAM trading on the Singapore marker in NYMEX Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures, the
 marker price will represent a weighted average of trades in the ICE Brent Crude Futures Minute Marker
 from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time.

For TAM trading on the Singapore marker in NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil, the marker price in the front
month will be the volume weighted average price ("VWAP") of outright trades on CME Globex for the one-
minute period from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time, rounded to the nearest tradable tick. The marker
price in the second and third contract months will be based on prices implied from the VWAPs of the one-
month and two-month spreads that are traded on CME Globex during the one-minute period from 4:29 -
4:30 p.m. Singapore time, subject to certain volume thresholds. Additional information on the
determination of the Singapore TAM prices is set forth in CME Group Special Executive Report S-5794
from June 7, 2011.

The list ofTAS- and TAM-eligible products and contract months appear in Sections 6 and 7 and the
revised text of Rule 524 appears in Section 8 of this Advisory Notice.

1.       General Information on TAS, TAM and MO Transactions

TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price increment
ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price, and, depending on the particular product, may be
executed in the pit, on CME Globex, or as a block trade.

TAM trading is analogous to existing Trading at Settlement ("TAS") trading wherein parties are permitted
to trade at a differential to a not-yet-known price. TAM trading uses a marker price, whereas TAS trading
uses the Exchange-determined settlement price for the applicable contract month. As with TAS trading,
parties will be able to enter TAM orders at the TAM price or at a differential between one and ten ticks
higher or lower than the TAM price. TAM trading is available exclusively on CME Globex.
 MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures are transactions which are priced at that day's settlement
 price for the contract.

 All market participants are reminded that any trading activity that is intended to unfairly affect or to
 attempt to unfairly affect a settlement or marker price to benefit a TAS, TAM or MO position, including a
 TAS block position, will subject the member and/or the market participant to disciplinary action for any of
 a number of rule violations, including, but not limited to:

          "     price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
          "     wash trading
          "     conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange

 Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving TAS, TAM or
 MO trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants and whether the offset
 of those positions during the close or during the time period used to determine a marker price
 was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to cause aberrant price movement during
 these periods.

 2.           Entry ofTAS and TAM Orders on CME Globe}{

, Rule 524 permits the initiation of TAS and TAM orders into CME Globex only subsequent to the beginning
  of each group's pre-open_state and duringJhE) ~rne period the appJicable contracts are available for TA§l ~
  or TAM trading on CME Globex. The initiation of any TAS or TAM order on CME Globex outside of these
  time periods is strictly prohibited.

 Any market participant who initiates the entry of a TAS or TAM order prior to receipt of the market status
 message will be subject to disciplinary action by a panel of the Business Conduct Committee,
 notwithstanding that the order may have been rejected by the CME Globex system. Sanctions for
 noncompliance may include a fine, disgorgement of any profits realized as a result of any orders
 accepted by CME Globex which were initiated prior to receipt of the security status message and/or a
 suspension of access to the market. Market participants must ensure that they have appropriate
 protocols in place to ensure that TAS and TAM orders are not initiated prior to receipt of the security
 status message.

 3.           TAS and TAM Calendar Spreads

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second month/third
month spread and the nearby month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No.2
Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline futures may be executed on CME Globex or on
the trading floor and priced at TAS.

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second month/third
month spread and the nearby/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No.2
Heating Oil, RBOB Gasoline and Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures may be executed on CME
Globex and priced at TAM.

The pricing of the legs of a TAS or TAM calendar spread will be calculated as follows:

      "       The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement or marker price, as
              applicable, for that contract month,

      "       The far leg of the spread will be priced at the settlement or marker price, as applicable, for that
              contract minus the allowable TAS or TAM price increment traded (negative 10 through positive
              10), except in circumstances where the traded TAS or TAM price is the actual settlement price of
              the contract.
         Example 1:

         A July 2011/August 2011 (N/Q) Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar spread trades at
         TAS -1. Assume the July contract settles at 99.59 and the August contract
         settles at 100.06.
         The July leg will be priced at the July settlement price of 99.59. The August leg
         will be priced at 100.07, which is the August settlement price of 100.06 minus the
                                                         =
         TAS price increment of -1 (100.06 minus -.01 100.07).

         E)(ample 2:

        A July 2011/August 2011 (N/Q) New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil calendar
        spread trades at TAM +/- O. Assume the July marker price is 2.9213 and the
        August marker price is 2.9350.

        The July leg will be priced at the July marker price of 2.9213. The August leg
        will be priced at 2.9350, which is the August marker price.

         Example 3:

        A June 2011/August 2011 (M/Q) Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar spread trades
        at TAS +3. Assume the June contract settles at 4.345 and the August contract
        settles at 4.437.       -     -- -                            -- - --- -- - -- -

        The June leg will priced at the June settlement price of 4.345. The August leg
        will be priced at 4.434, which is the August settlement price of 4.437 minus the
                                                        =
        TAS price increment of +3 (4.437 minus +.003 4.434).

4.      TAS on Gold. Silver and Copper Futures

TAS transactions are currently allowed in the active contract month in Gold and Silver futures. Effective
on January 23, TAS transactions will be allowed in the first active contract month in Copper futures
trading on CME Globex. TAS transactions are not allowed in any pit·traded Copper futures contract
month.

In Gold futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months: February, April, June,
August, and December. Accordingly:

        When the February contract becomes spot, the April contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the April contract becomes spot, the June contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the June contract becomes spot, the August contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the August contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month; and
        When the December contract becomes spot, the February contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month.

In Silver futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months, and, effective January
23, 2011, TAS trades in Copper futures will be permitted in the following active contract months: March,
May, July, September and December. Accordingly:

        When the March contract becomes spot, the May contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the May contract becomes spot, the July contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the July contract becomes spot, the September contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the September contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month; and
        When the December contract becomes spot, the March contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month.

6.      MO Transactions in Pit-Traded Copper Futures

MO transactions in Copper futures are open outcry trades competitively executed in the Copper futures
pit where the trade is priced at that day's settlement price for the contract. MO transactions in Copper
futures are eligible to be executed in the spot month and the next six consecutive contract months.
Additionally, with the exception of the post close session, members may execute an MO order at any time
the Copper futures pit is open for trading, provided that the order is placed as an MO order. Regular
trading hours for open outcry trading in the Copp\3r futures pit are from 8:10a.m. until 1:00 p.m. Eastern
Time ("ET").

Instructions to execute the order as an MO must be denoted on the order and members must identify an
order executed as an MO on their trading record.

An order entered as an MO will be executed by the floor broker as a Market on Close order if the order is
not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An
instruction to execute an order only as an MO must be communicated at the time the order is placed.
                          -       -   --   -   -   -   -- -   -   --


6.      TAS-Eligible Products and Contract Months

                                                       Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil
          spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd , 3rd and th months
          nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
          spot (except on the last trading day)

New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil
                                                              nd
          spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3rd months
          nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas
          spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3rd months
          nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads


Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap
                                                              nd       rd
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2                  and 3 months

RBOB Gasoline
                                                              nd       rd
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months
         nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

European Gasoil (ICE)
                                                              nd       rd
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2                  and 3 months
                                     Pit-Traded Contracts - continued

NYME){ Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index
          spot (except on the last trading day)

NYME){ Crude Oil MACllnde}(
          spot (except on the last trading day)

COME){ Gold
          February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month only)

COMEX Silver
          March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)

                                          CME Globex Contracts

For compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of a TAS pre-open period is defined by receipt of the
security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open state and the end of a
TAS trading session is defined by receipt of the security status message indicating that group is closed.

TAS orders may not be entered into CME Globex from the end of a TAS trading session until
receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open
state.


Commodity
Code on         Product Name and Contract Months                                 Cleared Product
CME Globex

  CL T         Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              CL
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

  SZT          Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                      SZ
               spot (except on the last trading day)

  SST          Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial                                   SS
               Spot, 2 nd and 3rd months

  HOT          New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                                  HO
               spot (except on the last trading day, 2 nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

  NGT          Henry Hub Natural Gas                                              NG
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

  NNT          Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap                                             NN
                                                                rd
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3 months
Commodity
Code on           Product Name and Contract Months                                Cleared Product
CME Globex

     RBT          RBOB Gasoline                                                      RB
                                                          nd    rd
                  spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months and
                  nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

     7FT          European Gasoil (ICE)                                                 7F
                                                          nd    rd
                  spot (except on the last trading day), 2 and 3 months

     KTT          NYMEX Coffee                                                          KT
                  spot (except on the last trading day)

     CJT          NYMEXCocoa                                                            CJ
                  spot (except on the last trading day)

     TTT          NYMEX Cotton                                                          TT
                  spot (except on the last trading day)

     YQT_         NYME)(No-,11 Sugar
                  spot (except on the last trading day)

     XKT          NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index                    XK
                  spot (except on the last trading day)

     XCT          NYMEX Crude Oil MACI Index                                            XC
                  spot (except on the last trading day)

     RET          REBCO                                                                 RE
                  spot (except on the last trading day), 2 nd and 3rd months

     GCT          COMEX Gold                                                             GC
                  February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month only)

     SIT          COMEX Silver                                                        SI
                  March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)

     HGT          COMEX Copper                                                         HG
                  March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)

7.         TAM.Eligible Products and Contract Months on CME Globe}(

For compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of a TAM pre-open period is defined by receipt of
the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open state and the end
of a TAM trading session is defined by receipt of the security status message indicating that group is
closed.

TAM orders may not be entered into CME Globe}( from the end of a TAM trading session until
receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has transitioned to the pre-open
state.
Commodity
Code on            Product Name and Contract Months                                  Cleared Product
CME Globex

                                               london Markers

     Cll           Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              Cl
                          nd    rd
                   spot, 2 and 3 months and
                   nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads


     BZl           Brent Crude Oil last Day Financial                                 BZ
                   spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
                   nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads


     HOl           New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                                  HO
                          nd    rd
                   spot, 2 and 3 months and.
                   nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

     RBl          RBOB Gasoline                                                      RB
                  spot, 2nd and 3rcl months and - .
                  nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

                                              Singapore Markers

     ClS          Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              Cl
                  spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
                  nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

     BZS          Brent Crude Oil last Day Financial                                 BZ
                         nd    rd
                  spot, 2 and 3 months and
                  nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:
                              Nancy Minett, Director, Investigations, 212,299,2940
                     Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, Investigations, 212,299,2880

For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate
Communications at 312,930.3434 or news@cmegroup,com,

8.         Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement ("TAS"), Trading at Marker ("TAM") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS,
TAM and MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1.   TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and
     must be identified as such on the member's trading records.
2.   TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS
     trading on Globex and during each TAS contract's prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation of
     any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
3.   TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
     trading in an expiring contract.
4.   TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
     increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.B. Trading at Marker ("TAM") Transactions
The following shall govern TAM transactions:
1. TAM orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAM
   trading on Globex and during each TAM contract's prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation
   of any TAM order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
2. TAM transactions may be executed at the current day's applicable marker price or at any valid price
   increment ten ticks higher or lower than the applicable marker price.
5.2.4.9. _Matched Order tMO"l Tran~a~tions
MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where the price of
the trade is that day's settlement price for the contract.
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1.   Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post close
     session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as an MO and such
     instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing
     period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to
     be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
     designated as such at the time the order is placed.
2.   Members must identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record,
                  u
Special Executive Report
DATE:           June 7,2011

SER#:           5794

SUBJECT:        Trading at Marker (TAM) Based on the Singapore Market Close for NYMEX
                light Sweet Crude Oil and Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial Futures

Effective trade date Monday, July 11, 2011, the New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. (NYMEX or
Exchange) will introduce the Singapore Trading at Marker (TAM) based on the Singapore market close of
4:30 p.m. Singapore time (Singapore time is GMT + 8 hours) trading exclusively on CME Globex in the
first three contract months of NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil, and 8rent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
futures, and in intra-commodity spreads between the first and second, first and third and second and third
contract months in those products. This will provide a valuable hedging tool that will link the U.S. and
Asian markets more closely. Singapore TAM trading will be conducted pursuant to NYMEX Rule 524
(Trading at Settlement (TAS), Trading at Marker (TAM) and Matched Ord.er (MO) Transactions).

TAM trading is analogous to our existing Trading at Settlement (TAS) trading wherein parties will be
permitted to trade at a differential that represents a not-yet-known price. TAM trading will use a marker
price, whereas TAS trading uses the Exchange-determined settlement price for the applicable contract
month.

For Singapore TAM trading in NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil, the marker price in the front month will be
the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of outright trades on CME Globex for the one-minute period
from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time, rounded to the nearest tradable tick. The marker price in the
second and third contract months will be based on prices implied from the VWAPs of the one-month and
two-month spreads that are traded on CME Globex during the one-minute period from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m.
Singapore time, subject to volume thresholds as detailed under Settlement Procedures below.

For Singapore TAM trading in NYMEX Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial futures, the marker price will
represent a weighted average of trades in the ICE Brent Crude futures minute marker from 4:29 - 4:30
p.m. Singapore time.

As with TAS trading, parties will be able to enter Singapore TAM orders at the Singapore TAM price or at
a differential between one and ten ticks higher or lower than the Singapore TAM price. Singapore TAM
trading in these two products will be available exclusively on CME Globex.

Market participants are prohibited from initiating the entry of any TAS or TAM order into CME
Globe" prior to receipt of the security status message sent via the FIX/FAST incremental feed
identifying that the group has transitioned to the pre-open state.
Singapore TAM-Eligible Products and Contract Months on CME Globex

Commodity
Code on           Product Name and Contract Months                                         Cleared Product
CME Globex

   CLS            Light Sweet Crude Oil                                                      CL
                  spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
                  nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

   BZS            Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                         BZ
                  spot, 2nd and 3rd months and
                  nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads



Settlement Procedures

In accordance with Exchange Rule 813 (Settlement Price), the first three contract months in NYMEX Light
Sweet Crude Oil will be settled by Exchange staff based solely upon CME Globex activity during the one-
minute period from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time.

Exchange staff will settle the front month contract at the VWAP of the outright trades executed on CME
Globex during the one-minute period from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time, rounded to the nearest
tradable tick. The second contract month will be settled to the price implied from the VWAP of the front
month/second month spreads that are traded on CME Globex during the one-minute period from 4:29 -
4:30 p.m. Singapore time, using the front month settlement as the anchor price.

The third contract month will be settled based on prices implied from the VWAPs of the one-month (e.g.
July/August) and two-month (e.g. June/August) spreads that are traded on CME Globex during the one-
minute period from 4:29 - 4:30 p.m. Singapore time provided that certain volume thresholds are met.
Additionally, a weighting factor will be employed such that an 85% weighting factor is given to the price
implied from the one-month spread and a 15% weighting factor is given to the price implied from the two-
month spread. The formula is presented below:

(((Implied Price 1 * Volume1) + (Implied Price2 * Volume2)) + ((implied Price1 * W1) + (implied Price2 • W2)))
                         (Volume1 + Volume2)                              (W1 + W2)
                                                            2

The minimum volume thresholds for NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil will be 200 contracts for spreads used
to settle the second month and 100 contracts for spreads used to settle the third month.

In the event that one of the spreads does not trade during the one-minute window, but volume in the other
spread meets the volume threshold, then the settlement price will be the price implied by the spread that
traded. If the combined volume of the component spreads does not meet the volume threshold, the
midpoint of the best bids/offers in the relevant one- and two-month spreads at 4:30:00 p.m. Singapore
time will be used to imply prices for the contract, and the settlement price for that contract will be the
weighted average of the implied prices, with the one-month spread implied price receiving an 85%
weighting, and the two-month spread implied price receiving a 15% weighting. The formula is presented
below:

((Implied Price1 * Wi) + (Implied Price2 * W2))
                   (Wi + W2)
An example of the settlement methodology is presented below.
Crude Oil Example: Assume July 11 is the spot month
Month            Settlement                                  Basis for Settlement

N11              100.00            Volume = 4000, VWAP = 100.00
                                          N is front month - use outright VWAP

Q11              101.00            N/Q volume = 2700; VWAP = -1.00
                                    Spread volume> 200 - imply Q settlement from VWAP of spread:
                                                                   =
                                                  100.00+1.00 101.00

U11              101.75                         =
                                   N/U volume 375; VWAP -1.76  =
                                                =
                                   Q/U volume 680; VWAP -0.75  =
                                            -U spread volume is > 100 - imply U from 85%-15% weighted
                                            VWAP of spreads:
                                                                                 =
                                                  -Imply U settlement from N 100.00 + 1.76 101.76 =
                                                                                 =
                                                  -Imply U settlement from Q 101.00 + 0.75 101.75 =

                                      «101.76 * 375) + (101.75 * 680)) + «101.76 *0.15) + (101.75 * 0.85)))
                                                           (375 + 680)        (0.15 +0.85)    = 101.75
                                                                   - -- ·2

Settlement on Last two (2) Trading Days: On the day before the spot month contract expires, both the
front and second months will settle based on the VWAP of the outright CME Globex trades in the
respective contracts executed between 4:29 and 4:30 p.m. Singapore time. On these days, the next two
months will settle based on the procedures outlined above.

On the day of expiration, the front month will settle based on the VWAP of the outright CME Globex
trades executed between 4:29 and 4:30 p.m. Singapore time, the second month will settle based on the
VWAP of the outright CME Globex trades executed between 4:29 and 4:30 p.m. Singapore time, and the
next two months will settle based on the procedures outlined above.

In the absence of outright or spread trades during this peri9d, the settlement price will be the best bid or
best offer in the expiring contract at 4:30:00 p.m. Singapore time, whichever is closer to the last trade
price. If there is not a bid/offer pair in the expiring contract at that time, the settlement price will be the
best bid or offer implied by the bid/offer in the spread at 4:30:00 p.m. Singapore time, whichever is closer
to the last outright trade price in the expiring contract.

Only bids and offers that remain active through expiration at 4:30:00 p.m. Singapore time will be
considered in these calculations. In the event there is insufficient activity to make the aforementioned
calculations, staff may rely on earlier data or other available market information to determine an
appropriate settlement price.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the aforementioned calculations described in this Special
Executive Report cannot be made or if staff, in its sole discretion, determines that anomalous activity
yields results that are not representative of the fair value of the contract, Exchange staff may determine
an alternative settlement price.

Questions regarding this advisory may be directed to the following individuals:
Dan Brusstar, Director, Energy Research                     212.299.2604
Bill Doherty, Director, Settlements                         212.299.2925
Mike Cazakoff, Settlement Analyst                           212.299.2934
