                                                                                G.F.T.O .
                                                                0. ,c...I'-it''[ Of ·l'\Jt::
                                                                             J • I
                                                                                              St"'CRETARIAT
                                                                                         \ L. '- "




                CMEGroup
            January 3, 2011

            Mr. David Stawick
            Office of the Secretariat
            Commodity Futures Trading Commission
            Three Lafayette Centre
            1155 21st Street, N.W.
            Washington, DC 20581

                           RE:    Issuance of NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice
                                  RA1101-4                          .
                                  NYMEX & COM EX Submission No. 10-391 R

            Dear Mr. Stawick:

___________ The_New__ York Mercantile_ Excbaoge, Inc. ("NYMEX") and_ Commodity_ Exchange,_ Inc. __ _
            ("COMEX") (collectively, the "Exchanges") hereby notify the Commodity Futures Trading
            Commission that they will issue NYMEX & COM EX Market Regulation Advisory Notice 1101-4
            on January 5, 2011. The notice informs the marketplace that as of Sunday, January 23, for
            trade date Monday, January 24, the first two active months and the associated intra-commodity
            calendar spread between the first two active months in Copper futures on CME Globex and the
            second active contract month and the associated intra-commodity calendar spread between the
           first two active months in Gold and Silver futures trading via open outcry and on CME Globex
           will become eligible for trading at settlement pursuant to NYMEX and COMEX Rule 524
            {"Trading at Settlement {"TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions").

            This revised submission updates the examples on page· 2 and 3 of the Advisory Notice and
            corrects minor typographic errors.

            A copy of the Advisory Notice begins on the next page.

           NYMEX & COMEX certify that the Advisory Notice complies with the Act and regulations
           thereunder. There were no substantive opposing views to this proposal.

           If you have any questions regarding the Advisory Notice, please contact Robert Sniegowski,
           Market Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or me at 312.466.7478. Please reference NYMEX &
           COMEX Submission No. 10-391 R in any related correspondence.

           Sincerely,



           Is/ Tim Elliott
           Director & Associate General Counsel
                                     MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE


               E>cchange                  NYMEX & COMEX
              Subject                     Trading at Settlement ("T AS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
               Rule References            Rule 524
              Advisory Date               January 5, 2011
              Advisory Number             NYMEX & COMEX RA1101·4
              Effective Date              January 23, 2011


              This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COM EX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1006-4 from
              October 22, 2010. It is being issued based on upcoming changes to the list of products eligible for
              Trading at Settlement ("TAS") pursuant to Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order
              ("MO") Transactions"). Effective on Sunday, January 23, for trade date Monday, January 24, the
----- -----fOllOWing prOdUCtS~ contract -monuls-ancr C81enaar spreads will be-·added~ to lhS-IiSt -ofTAS-SliQible-
              contracts:

                  .,     The first two active months and the associated calendar spread between the first two active
                         months in Copper futures (CME Globex only)
                   ..    The second active month and the associated calendar spread between the first two active months
                         in Gold and Silver futures (CME Globex and Pit)

              The text of Rule 524 appears on page 7 of this Advisory Notice.

                                            General Information on TAS and MO Transactions

              TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price increment
              ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price. MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures will be
              priced at that day's settlement price for the contract.

               All market participants are reminded that trading activity intended to unfairly affect or to attempt to unfairly
               affect a settlement price to benefit TAS positions, including TAS block positions, or MO positions may
             · subject the member and/or the market participant to disciplinary action for any of a number of rule
               violations, including, but not limited to:

                    .,   price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
                    ..   wash trading
                    .,   conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange

              Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving TAS or MO
              trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants and whether the offset of
              those positions during the close was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to cause
              aberrant price movement during the close.
                                         Entry ofTAS Orders on CME Globex

      On November 1, 2010, Rule 524 was amended to permit the initiation ofTAS orders into CME Globex
      only subsequent to the beginning of each group's pre-open state and during the time period the
      applicable contracts are available for TAS trading on CME Globex. The initiation of any TAS order on
      CME Globex outside of these time periods is strictly prohibited. The purpose of the amendment was to
      ensure appropriate and efficient messaging practices with respect to the initiation of TAS orders.

      Market participants are reminded that they are prohibited from initiating the entry of any TAS
      order into CME Globex prior to receipt of the security status message sent via the FIX/FAST
      incremental feed identifying that the group has transitioned to the pre-open state.

     Any market participant who initiates the entry of a TAS order prior to receipt of the market status message
     will be subject to disciplinary action by a panel of the Business Conduct Committee, notwithstanding that
     the order may have been rejected by the CME Globex system. Sanctions for noncompliance may include
     a fine, disgorgement of any profits realized as a result of any orders accepted by CME Globex which were
     initiated prior to receipt of the security status message and/or a suspension of access to the market.
     Market participants are strongly encouraged to ensure that they have appropriate protocols in place to
     ensure that TAS orders are not initiated prior to receipt of the security status message.

                                                TAS Calendar Spreads

___ ln_tra-gommoclity _cC!Iendarsgre_ads in the nearb)'Jnonth/secollcl_month spread,_ the second month/thin:l_ __ _ ________________ _
    month spread and the nearby month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No. 2
    Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline futures may be executed on CME Globex or on
    the trading floor and priced at TAS.

     Effective on January 23, intra-commodity calendar spreads in the first two active months in Gold and
     Silver futures may be executed on CME Globex or on the trading floor and priced at TAS.

     Effective on January 23, intra-commodity calendar spreads in the first two active months in Copper
     futures may be executed on CME Globex and priced at TAS.

     The pricing of the legs of a TAS calendar spread will be calculated as follows:

         ..   The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement price determined by the
              Exchange for that contract month.

         ..   The far leg of the spread will be priced at the settlement price determined by the Exchange for
              that contract minus the allowable TAS price increment traded (negative 10 through positive 10),
              except in circumstances where the traded TAS price is the actual settlement price of the contract.

              Example 1:

              A May 2011/June 2011 (K/M) Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar spread trades at
              TAS -1. Assume the May contract settles at 92.99 and the June contract
              settles at 93.30.

              The May leg will be priced at the May settlement price of 92.99. The June leg
              will be priced at 93.31, which is the June settlement price of 93.30 minus theTAS
              price increment of -1 (93.30 minus -.01 = 93.31).
                    Example 2:

                    A June 2011/July 2011 (M/N) New York Harbor No. 2 Heating Oil calendar
                    spread trades at TAS +/- 0. Assume the June contract settles at 2.5301 and the
                    July contract settles at 2.5415.

                    The June leg will be priced at the June settlement price of 2.5301. The July leg
                    will be priced at 2.5415, which is the July settlement price.

                    Example 3:

                    A May 2011/July 2011 (K/N) Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar spread trades at
                    T AS +3. Assume the May contract settles at 4.322 and the July contract settles
                    at 4.431.

                    The May leg will priced at the May settlement price of 4.322. The July leg will
                    be priced at 4.428, which is the July settlement price of 4.431 minus theTAS
                    price increment of +3 (4.431 minus +.003 = 4.428).

                                            TAS on Gold, Silver and Copper Futures

        Effective on January 23, on any given date T AS transactions will be allowed in the .first two active contract
_______ m_ol]th§_ io (lold_JJ3ilver and Co!Jger futwes trillling on CME Globex §ncljn_ th~ fir§tl_WQJlctive contract __
        months in pit-traded Gold and Silver futures. TAS transactions are not allowed in any pit-traded Copper
        futures contract month.

           In Gold futures, the active contract months are February, April, June, August and December. In Silver
           and Copper futures, the active contract months are March, May, July, September and December.

           For purposes of determining the active contract months in Gold futures, the following applies:

               "    When the April contract becomes spot, the June and August contracts become the first two active
                    TAS months.
               ..   When the June contract becomes spot, the August and December contracts become the first two
                    active TAS months.
               ..   When the August contract becomes spot, the December and February contracts become the first
                    two active TAS months.
               ..   When the December contract becomes spot, the February and April contract months become the
                    first two active TAS months.                        ·

          For purposes of determining the active contract months in Silver and Copper futures, the following
          applies:

              ..    When the March contract becomes spot, the May and July contracts become the first two active.
                    TAS months.
              ..    When the May contract becomes spot, the July and September contracts become the first two
                    active TAS months.
              ..    When the July contract becomes spot, the September and December contract months become
                    the first two active TAS months.
              ..    When the September contract becomes spot, the December and March contracts become the
                    first two active TAS months.
              ..    When the December contract becomes spot, the March and May contract months become the
                    first two active TAS months.
                              MO Transactions in Pit-Traded Copper Futures

MO transactions in Copper futures are open outcry trades competitively executed in the Copper futures
pit where the trade is priced at that day's settlement price for the contract. MO transactions in Copper
futures are eligible to be executed in the spot month and the next six consecutive contract months.
Additionally, with the exception of the post close session, members may execute an MO order at any time
the Copper futures pit is open for trading, provided that the order is placed as an MO order. Regular
trading hours for open outcry trading in the Copper futures pit are from 8:10 a.m. until 1:00 p.m. Eastern
Time ("ET").

Instructions to execute the order as an MO must be denoted on the order and members must identify an
order executed as an MO on their trading record.

An order entered as an MO will be executed by the floor broker as a Market on Close order if the order is
not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An
instruction to execute an order only as an MO must be communicated at the time the order is placed.

                              TAS-Eiigible Products and Contract Months

                                           Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil
        - spot (except on-the-last trading-day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months---- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
          nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
          spot (except on the last trading day)

New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil
          spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
          nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
         nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

RBOB Gasoline
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
         nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

European Gasoil (ICE)
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index
         spot (except on the last trading day)
NYMEX Crude Oil MAC! Index
          spot (except on the last trading day)

COMEX Gold
          February, April, June, August and December contract months (first 'two active months only)

COM EX Silver
         March, May, July, September and December contract months (first two active months only)

                                          CME Globex Contracts

The No-Activity Periods set forth below are provided solely for informational purposes. Market
participants are reminded that for compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of the pre-
open period is defined by receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has
transitioned to the pre-open state and the end of the trading session is defined by receipt of the
security status message indicating that group is closed.

Commodity
Code on         Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period           Cleared Product
CME Globex
                                '   -                            - - - - - - - ·


  CLT           Light Sweet Crude Oil                                               CL
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months and
                nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  BZT           Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                  BZ
                spot (except on the last trading day)
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  BBT           Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial                                 BB
                spot, 2nd and 3rd months
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                     2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

  HOT           New York Harbor No. 2. Heating Oil                                  HO
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
                nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  NGT           Henry Hub Natural Gas                                              NG
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
                nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday
        Commodity
        Code on             Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period        Cleared Product
        CME Globex

             NNT           Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap                                        NN
                           spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                           No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

             RBT           RBOB Gasoline                                                       RB
                           spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
                           nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
                           No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

             7FT           European Gasoil (ICE)                                            7F
                           spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                           No-Activity Periods: 12:00 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  12:00 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

             KTT           NYMEX Coffee                                                          KT
----------   ---   --·
                           spot- (except on
                         ----
                                            the last trading day)
                                         - - -- -------.      - ---          . -------------- - -----   ----------   -----


                           No-Activity Periods: 12:30 p.m.-5:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                   12:30 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

             CJT           NYMEX Cocoa                                                         CJ
                           spot (except on the last trading day)
                           No-Activity Periods: 11:50 a.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  11 :50 a.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

             TTT           NYMEX Cotton                                                     TT
                           spot (except on the last trading day)
                           No-Activity Periods: 2:15p.m.- 5:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  2:15p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

             YOT           NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                               YO
                           spot (except on the last trading day)
                           No-Activity Periods: 12:30 p.m.-5:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  12:30 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

             XCT           NYMEX Crude Oil MACIIndex                                        XC
                           spot (except on the last trading day)
                           No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.-5:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

             RET           REBCO                                                            RE
                           spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                           No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                                  2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday
 Commodity
 Code on         Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period            Cleared Product
 CME Globex

     GCT        COMEX Gold                                                         GC
                February, April, June, August and December contract months (first two active months
                only)
                No-Activity Periods: 1:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                      1:30 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

     SIT        COM EX Silver                                                     Sl
                March, May, July, September and December contract months (first two active months
                only)
                No-Activity Periods: 1:25 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday· Thursday
                                     1:25 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

     HGT        COM EX Copper                                                    HG
                March, May, July, September and December contract months (first two active months
                only)
                No-Activity Periods: 1:00 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                     1:00 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday


Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:
                          Nancy Minett, Director, Investigations, 212.299.2940
                   Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, Investigations, 212.299.2880

For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate
Communications at 312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.

Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS and
MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1. TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
   requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and
   must be identified as such on the member's trading records.
2. TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS
   trading on Globex and during each TAS contract's prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation of
   any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
3.   TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
     trading in an expiring contract.
4.   TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
     increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.8. Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where the price of
the trade is that day's settlement price for the contract.
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1.   Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post close
     session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as an MO and such
     instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing
     period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to
     be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
     designated as such at the time the order is placed.
2.   Members must identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record.
