CMEGroup

 March 31,2011

 Mr. David Stawick



Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21 st Street, N. W.
Washington, DC 20581

               RE:    NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1104·4
                      NYMEX & COMEX Submission No. 11·131

Dear Mr. Stawick:

The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. ("NYMEX") and Commodity Exchange, Inc.
("COM EX") (collectively, the "Exchanges") hereby notify the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission that they will issue NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1104-
4 (the "Advisory Notice") on Monday, April 4. The Advisory Notice notifies the marketplace of
upcoming changes to the CME Globex pre-opening time for several NYMEX and COMEX
products eligible for trading at settlement pursuant to NYMEX & COMEX Rule 524 ("Trading at
Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions. The changes will become
effective on Sunday, April 10, for trade date Monday, April 11, 2011. The revised pre-opening
times are being implemented to stagger and more evenly distribute order flow during the pre-
opening time period.

A copy of the Advisory Notice begins on the next page. The Exchanges certify that the Advisory
Notice complies with the Commodity Exchange Act and regulations thereunder. There were no
substantive opposing views to this proposal.

If you have any questions regarding the Advisory Notice, please contact Robert Sniegowski,
Market Regulation, at 312.341.5991. Alternatively, you may contact me at 312.930.8167.
Please reference NYMEX & COMEX Submission No. 11-131 in any related correspondence.

Sincerely,



/s/ Sean Downey
Associate Director & Assistant General Counsel

1128
                     MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE


Exchange                   NYMEX & COMEX
Subject                    Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
Rule References            Rule 524
Advisory Date              April 4, 2011
Advisory Number            NYMEX & COMEX RA 1104·4
Effective Date             April 10, 2011


This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1102-4 from
January 7, 2011, and is being issued based on upcoming changes to the CME Globex pre-opening time
for several NYMEX and COMEX TAS-eligible futures products. Market participants are reminded that
they are prohibited from initiating the entry of any TASorder into_ CME Globex prior to receipt of
the security status message sent via the FIX/FAST incremental feed identifying that the group has
transitioned to the pre-open state.

Effective on Sunday, April 10, 2011, for trade date Monday, April 11, 2011, the pre-opening times for TAS
trading on CME Globex will be as follows (all times are in Eastern Time):

     •   NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil and RBOB Gasoline
         Monday - Thursday at 5:46 p.m., Sunday at 5:16 p.m.

     •   NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas
         Monday - Thursday at 5:47 p.m., Sunday at 5:17 p.m.

     •   COMEXGold
         Monday - Thursday at 5:48 p.m., Sunday at 5:18 p.m.

     •   COMEX Silver
         Monday - Thursday at 5:49 p.m., Sunday at 5:19 p.m.

     •   COMEX Copper
         Monday - Thursday at 5:50 p.m., Sunday at 5:20 p.m.

The pre-open for all other TAS-eligible products on CME Globex will continue to be 5:45 p.m. ET Monday
through Thursday and 5:15 p.m. ET on Sunday.

The list of TAS-eligible products and contract months appears in Section 6 which begins on page 4 and
the text of Rule 524 appears in Section 7 which begins on page 7 of this Advisory Notice.

1.       General Information on TAS and MO Transactions

TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price increment
ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price. MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures will be
priced at that day's settlement price for the contract.
All market participants are reminded that trading activity intended to unfairly affect or to attempt to unfairly
affect a settlement price to benefit TAS positions, including TAS block positions, or MO positions may
subject the member and/or the market participant to disciplinary action for any of a number of rule
violations, including, but not limited to:

         o     price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
         o     wash trading
         o     conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange

Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving TAS or MO
trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants and whether the offset of
those positions during the close was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to cause
aberrant price movement during the close.

2.           Entrv of TAS Orders on CME Globex

On November 1,2010, Rule 524 was amended to permit the initiation of TAS orders into CME Globex
only subsequent to the beginning of each group's pre-open state and during the time period the
applicable contracts are available for TAS trading on CME Globex. The initiation of any TAS order on
CME Globex outside of these time periods is strictly prohibited. The purpose of the amendment was to
ensure appropriate and efficient messaging practices with respect to the initiation of TAS orders.

Any market participant who initiates the entry of a TAS order.prior to receipt of the market status message
will be subject to disciplinary action by a panel of the Business Conduct Committee, notwithstanding that
the order may have been rejected by the CME Globex system. Sanctions for noncompliance may include
a fine, disgorgement of any profits realized as a result of any orders accepted by CME Globex which were
initiated prior to receipt of the security status message and/or a suspension of access to the market.
Market participants are strongly encouraged to ensure that they have appropriate protocols in place to
ensure that TAS orders are not initiated prior to receipt of the security status message.

3.           TAS Calendar Spreads

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second month/third
month spread and the nearby month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No.2
Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline futures may be executed on CME Globex or on
the trading floor and priced at TAS.

The pricing of the legs of a TAS calendar spread will be calculated as follows:

     o       The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement price determined by the
             Exchange for that contract month.

     o       The far leg of the spread will be priced at the settlement price determined by the Exchange for
             that contract minus the allowable TAS price increment traded (negative 10 through positive 10),
             except in circumstances where the traded TAS price is the actual settlement price of the contract.

             Example 1:

             A May 2011/June 2011 (KIM) Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar spread trades at
             TAS -1. Assume the May contract settles at 92.99 and the June contract
             settles at 93.30.

             The May leg will be priced at the May settlement price of 92 ..99. The June leg
             will be priced at 93.31, which is the June settlement price of 93.30 minus the TAS
                                                      =
             price increment of -1 (93.30 minus -.01 93.31).
         Example 2:

         A June 2011/July 2011 (MIN) New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil calendar
         spread trades at TAS +1- O. Assume the June contract settles at 2.5301 and the
         July contract settles at 2.5415.

         The June leg will be priced at the June settlement price of 2.5301. The July leg
         will be priced at 2.5415, which is the July settlement price.

         Example 3:

        A May 2011/July 2011 (KIN) Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar spread trades at
        TAS +3. Assume the May contract settles at 4.322 and the July contract settles
        at 4.431.

        The May leg will priced at the May settlement price of 4.322. The July leg will
        be priced at 4.428, which is the July settlement price of 4.431 minus the TAS
                                                   =
        price increment of +3 (4.431 minus +.003 4.428).

4.      TAS on Gold, Silver and Copper Futures

TAS transactions are currently allowed in the active contract month in Gold and Silver futures. Effective
on January 23, TAS transactions will be allowed in the first active contract month in Copper futures
trading on CME Globex. TAS transactions are not allowed in any pit-traded Copper futures contract
month.

In Gold futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months: February, April, June,
August, and December. Accordingly:

        When the February contract becomes spot, the April contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the April contract becomes spot, the June contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the June contract becomes spot, the August contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the August contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month; and
        When the December contract becomes spot, the February contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month.

In Silver futures, TAS trades are permitted in the following active contract months, and, effective January
23, 2011, TAS trades in Copper futures will be permitted in the following active contract months: March,
May, July, September and December. Accordingly:

        When the March contract becomes spot, the May contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the May contract becomes spot, the July contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the July contract becomes spot, the September contract becomes the TAS-eligible month;
        When the September contract becomes spot, the December contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month; and
        When the December contract becomes spot, the March contract becomes the TAS-eligible
        month.

5.      MO Transactions in Pit-Traded Copper Futures

MO transactions in Copper futures are open outcry trades competitively executed in the Copper futures
pit where the trade is priced at that day's settlement price for the contract. MO transactions in Copper
futures are eligible to be executed in the spot month and the next six consecutive contract months.
Additionally, with the exception of the post close session, members may execute an MO order at any time
the Copper futures pit is open for trading, provided that the order is placed as an MO order. Regular
trading hours for open outcry trading in the Copper futures pit are from 8:10a.m. until 1:00 p.m. Eastern
Time ("ET").

Instructions to execute the order as an MO must be denoted on the order and members must identify an
order executed as an MO on their trading. record.

An order entered as an MO will be executed by the floor broker as a Market on Close order if the order is
not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An
instruction to execute an order only as an MO must be communicated at the time the order is placed.

6.      TAS-Eligible Products and Contract Months

                                           Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil
          spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months
          nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Brent Crude Oil LastDay Financial
          spot (except on the last trading day)

New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil
          spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
          nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
         nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

RBOB Gasoline
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
         nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

European Gasoil (ICE)
         spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index
         spot (except on the last trading day)

NYMEX Crude Oil MACllndex
         spot (except on the last trading day)

COMEXGold
         February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month only)
                                   Pit-Traded Contracts - continued

COMEX Silver
          March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)


                                       CME Globex Contracts

The No-Activity Periods set forth below are provided solely for informational purposes. Market
participants are reminded that for compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of the pre-
open period is defined by receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has
transitioned to the pre-open state and the end of the trading session is defined by receipt of the
security.status message indicating that group is closed.

Commodity
Code on        Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period          Cleared Product
CME Globex

  CL T         Light Sweet Crude Oil                                                CL
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd , 3rd and 7'h months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:46 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                      2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:16 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  BZT          Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                   BZ
               spot (except on the last trading day)
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                      2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  BBT           Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial                               BB
              . Spot, 2nd and 3rd months
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                      2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  HOT          New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                                    HO
               spot (except on the last trading day, 2nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:46 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                      2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:16 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  NGT          Henry Hub Natural Gas                                                NG
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:47 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                      2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:17 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  NNT          Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap                                           NN
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                      2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday
Commodity
Code on      Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period           Cleared Product
CME Globex

  RBT        RBOB Gasoline                                                        RB
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
             No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:46 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:16 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  7FT        European Gasoil (ICE)                                               7F
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
             No-Activity Periods: 12:00 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    12:00 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  KTT        NYMEX Coffee                                                        KT
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             No-Activity Periods: 12:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    12:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  CJT        NYMEX Cocoa                                                        CJ
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             No-Activity Periods: 11 :50 a.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    11:50 a.m. (ET) Friday-5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  TTT        NYMEX Cotton                                                         TT
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             No-Activity Periods: 2:15 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    2:15 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

 YOT         NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                                  YO
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             No-Activity Periods: 12:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    12:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

 XCT         NYMEX Crude Oil MACllndex                                            XC
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

 RET         REBCO                                                                RE
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
             No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

 GCT         COMEX Gold                                                             GC
             February, April, June, August and December contract months (first active month only)
             No-Activity Periods: 1:30 p.m. - 5:48 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                    1:30 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:18 p.m. (ET) Sunday
Commodity
Code on           Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period              Cleared Product
CME Globex


     SIT          COMEX Silver                                                        SI
                  March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)
                  No-Activity Periods: 1:25 p.m. - 5:49 p.m. (ET) Monday - Thursday
                                       1 :25 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:19 p.m. (ET) Sunday

     HGT       COMEX Copper                                                              HG
               March, May, July, September and December contract months (first active month only)
               No-Activity Periods: 1 :00 p.m. - 5:50 p.m. (ET) Monday,:,"" Thursday
                                      1 :00 p.m. (ET) Friday - 5:20 p.m. (ET) Sunday
Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:
                              Nancy Minett, Director, Investigations, 212.299.2940
                     Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, Investigations, 212.299.2880

For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate
Communications at 312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.

7.         Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS and
MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1.   TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
     reqUirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and
     must be identified as such on the member's trading records.
2.   TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS
     trading on Globex and during each TAS contract's prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation of
     any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
3.   TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 526 except t~at TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
     trading in an expiring contract.
4.   TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
     increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.B. Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where the price of
the trade is that day's settlement price for the contract.
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1.   Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post close
     session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as an MO and such
     instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing
     period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to
     be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
     designated as such at the time the order is placed.
2.   Members must identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record.




                                                                                   ~

                                                                                    j
