            EGroup                                                                           C.F.T.C.
                                                                               OFFICE OF TilE SECRET/\RIAT

                                                                               2010 OCT 8 Arl 9 02

 October 7, 2010

Mr. David Stawick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20581

                   RE:      NYMEX & COMEX Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and
                            Matched Order ("MO") Transactions") and Issuance of NYMEX &
                            COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1005-4
                            NYMEX & COMEX Submission No.10-284

Dear Mr. Stawick:

The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. ("NYMEX") and Commodity Exchange, Inc.
("COMEX") (collectively, the "Exchanges") hereby notify the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission that, effective October 25, 2010, they will adopt revisions to NYMEX & COM EX
Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions"). As of
October 25, 2010, NYMEX & COMEX will permit the entry of TAS orders on CME Globex® at
anytime the applicable contracts are available for trading on CME Globex and during each
contract's prescribe pre-open time period. The entry of TAS orders on CME Globex outside
these times periods will be prohibited.

Also on October 25, MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures will be eligible to be executed
in the spot month and next six consecutive contract months at any time the Copper futures pit is
open for trading, with the exception of the post close session. MO transactions are priced at
that day's settlement price for the contract. In order to execute a Copper futures order as an
MO, such instructions must be denoted on the order and the member must identify orders
executed as MO transactions on their trading record.

NYMEX & COMEX will issue Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1005-4 on October 11,
2010, advising the marketplace of the revisions and announcing the October 25 effective date.

The revisions to Rule 524 appear below with additions underlined and deletions overstruck.

Rule 524.     Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS and MO
transactions shall be permitted.

524.A.   Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1.   TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the requirements of
     Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and must be identified as such on
     the member's trading records.
 2.    TAS grderstr-a~¥vast1erv·_,--Elfl-Glel3et< may be enterecl.fak-&--pJ.aee g_ri_Giobe~_at any time the applicable
       contracts are available for IAS trading on Globex and duri.ng each JAS contract's prescribed pre-open time
       period. The initiation of any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
 3.    TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
       requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of trading in an
       expiring contract
4.     TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price increment ten ticks
       higher or lower than the settlement price.


524.8. . Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
MO transactions are open _Q1ttcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 52'1 vyJJi3re th§__.PilQ.I? of the trad_§__j§
_that day's settlement price for the contract
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1.     +fie-f.lr-i~hB-NIG-1Nifl-13e-the-sel:tl~fiGe-fef-that-c-er:ttr:ast-

2.     Only-Mal'Kei-oR-G1ooe--t:~AGG':j-t>FElef&-are-eli§tiBle--te-4.HJEfe-aB-an-11JlGo-Members may execute an MOG-Grt!eF
       Elttfi-A§--afl-El!igiele-MG-t-im&-f.ler-ieEl-af,aH-MG-uAlesrv-BpeGlfie-i+lstrtJc~icms-t&#lEl-B0fltfaFy-aFB at any time during pit
       trading hours except durin~_post close session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the
       order is placed as an 1VJO, and such instructions are denoted on the order. Pafltffe-te-Bfltet'-Sf}eeifie-instnwtieAB-
       ·WOOA-fllB6in§-the-MGG-erEler-wil-l-ffif.feit-a-eustemer-'&-figflt-'ie-GanBB4oo-Mifcr.-it-1-INRf!.l&-eF-it+-f>BFt,..-#-tlqe-erdef-GF
       -Clft)l-fi0Ftieft-Elf-the-GFBEJl'-~ta&l9BeR-jdf8-vi0l-f&~jl-e,'iGGldteEh-AF\-MGG-BFEl€f-GJ'eGtltBE/--a-s-aR-~~.St-e8-ffi).~efleE!-:le
       tf!G-B~oi!JtemeF-8-S-c'1Fl-l\ffG-ldf'>9H-BX--BB1*tieAc-An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing period
       as aft Market on CloseGG order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be executed
       only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be designated as such at the
       time the order is placed,
J.f.. Members must identify an Nl-G-G-order executed as an MOon their trading record.

A copy of the Advisory Notice begins on the next page.

NYMEX & COMEX certify that the revisions to Rule 524 and the Advisory Notice comply with
the Commodity Exchange Act and regulations thereunder.

If you have any questions regarding the changes or the Advisory Notice, please contact Robert
Sniegowski, Market Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or me at 312.648.5422. Please reference
NYMEX & COM EX Submission No. 10-284 in any related correspondence.

Sincerely,



Is! Stephen M. Szarmack
Regulatory Counsel

8534
                     MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE


E;\change                  NYMEX & COMEX
Subject                    Trading at Settlement and Matched Order Transactions
Rule References            Rule 524
Advisory Date              October 11, 201 0
Advisory Number            NYMEX & COM EX RA 1 005-4
Effective Date             October 25, 2010


This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA1003-4 from
April12, 2010, and is being issued based on revisions to NYMEX & COMEX Rule 524 ("Trading at
Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order("MO") Transactions") that become effective on Monday, October
25, 2010. The revisions address 1) the time period during which TAS orders in TAS-eligible products
may be entered on CME Globex and 2) the number of contract months and the time period during which
Copper futures orders may be executed via open outcry as MO transactions in the Copper futures pit.
Additional information concerning these changes is set forth below. The text of Rule 524 that becomes
effective on October 25 appears on page 7 of this Advisory Notice.

                                   Entry of TAS Orders on CME Globex

Effective October 25, 2010, Rule 524 will be amended to permit the entry of TAS orders into Globex at
any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS trading on Globex and during each TAS contract's
prescribed pre-open time period. Beginning October 25, the initiation of any TAS order on Globex
outside these time periods will be prohibited. Information on each TAS-eligible contract's defined pre-
open time period is included in the list that begins on page 4 of this Advisory Notice.

                              MO Transactions in Pit-Traded Copper Futures

MO transactions in Copper futures are open outcry trades competitively executed in the Copper futures
pit where the trade is priced at that day's settlement price for the contract. Effective on October 25, MO
transactions in Copper futures will be eligible to be executed in the spot month and the next six
consecutive contract months. Additionally, with the exception of the post close session, members may
execute an MO order at anytime the Copper futures pit is open for trading, provided that the order is
placed as an MO order. Regular trading hours for open outcry trading in the Copper futures pit are from
8:10a.m. until1:00 p.m. Eastern Time ("ET").

Instructions to execute the order as an MO must be denoted on the order and members must identify an
order executed as an MO on their trading record.

An order entered as an MO will be executed by the floor broker as a Market on Close order if the order is
not previously executed as an MOor specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An
instruction to execute an order only as an MO must be communicated at the time the order is placed.
                                 General Information on TAS and MO Transactions

TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price increment
ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price. MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures will be
priced at that day's settlement price for the contract.

All market participants are reminded that misuse of TAS (including TAS block trades) or MO trades to
acquire a position in order to unfairly affect or attempt to unfairly affect a settlement price may subject the
member and/or the market participant to disciplinary action for any of a number of rule violations,
including, but not limited to:

         o    price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
         o    wash trading
         o    conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange

Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving TAS or MO
trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants and whether the offset of
those positions during the close was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to cause
aberrant price movement during the close.

                                               TAS Calendar Spreads

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second month/third
month spread and the nearby month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No.2
Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline may be executed on CME Globex or on the
trading floor and priced at TAS.

The pricing of the legs of a TAS calendar spread will be calculated as follows:

    ..       The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement price determined by the
             Exchange for that contract month.
    o        The far leg of the spread will be priced at the settlement price determined by the Exchange for
             that contract minus the allowable TAS price increment traded (negative 10 through positive 10),
             except in circumstances where the traded TAS price is the actual settlement price of the contract.

             Example 1:

             A May 201 0/June 2010 (KIM) Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar spread trades at
             TAS -1. Assume the May contract settles at 82.17 and the June contract
             settles at 82.59.

             The May leg will be priced at the May settlement price of 82.17. The June leg
             will be priced at 82.60, which is the June settlement price of 82.59 minus theTAS
                                                      =
             price increment of -1 (82.59 minus -.01 82.60).

             Example 2:

             A June 201 0/July 2010 (M/N) New York Harbor No. 2 Heating Oil calendar
             spread trades at TAS +/- 0. Assume the June contract settles at 2.1408 and the
             July contract settles at 2.1572.

             The June leg will be priced at the June settlement price of 2.1408. The July leg
             will be priced at 2.1572, which is the July settlement price.
        Example 3:

        A May 201 0/July 2010 (KIN) Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar spread trades at
        TAS +3. Assume the May contract settles at 3.916 and the July contract settles
        at4.101.                                ·

        The May leg will priced at the May settlement price of 3.916. The July leg will
        be priced at 4.098, which is the July settlement price of 4.101 minus theTAS
                                                   =
        price increment of +3 (4.1 01 minus +.003 4.098).

                                     TAS on Gold and Silver Futures

TAS transactions are allowed in the active contract month in Gold and Silver futures. In Gold futures, the
active contract months are February, April, June, August and December. In Silver futures, the active
contract months are March, May, July, September and December. On any given date, TAS transactions
in Gold and Silver futures will be allowed only in a single contract month. Additional information on
identifying the active month in Gold and Silver futures is included in CME Group Special Executive Report
S-5166.

                             TAS-Eiigible Products and Contract Months

                                           Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ylh months
                nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
                spot (except on the last trading day)

New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

RBOB Gasoline
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month cale,ndar spreads

European Gasoil (ICE)
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index
               spot (except on the last trading day)
NYMEX Crude Oil MACIIndex
               spot (except on the last trading day)

COMEX Gold
               February, April, June, August and December contract months (current active month only)

COMEX Silver
               March, May, July, September and December contract months (current active month only)

                                          CME Globex Contracts

Commodity
Code on        Name, Contract Months & CME Globex Pre-Open Period            Cleared Product
CME Globex

  CL T         Light Sweet Crude Oil                                               CL
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  BZT          Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                  BZ
               spot (except on the last trading day)
               Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  BBT          Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial                               BB
               Spot, 2nd and 3rd months
               Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  HOT          New York Harbor No. 2. Heating Oil                                  HO
               spot (except on the last trading day, 2nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


 NGT           Henry Hub Natural Gas                                               NG
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               Globex Pre-OJ)en Time Period: 1:30 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


 NNT           Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap                                          NN
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
               Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                               CME Globex Contracts -continued

Commodity
Code on      Name, Contract Months & CME Globex Pre-Open Period           Cleared Product
CME Globex

  RBT        RBOB Gasoline                                                      RB
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
             nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  7FT        European Gasoil (ICE)                                      7F
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 11:00 a.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  KTT        NYMEX Coffee                                               KT
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 11:30 a.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  CJT        NYMEX Cocoa                                                CJ
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 10:50 a.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  TTT        NYMEX Cotton                                                 TT
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:15 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  YOT        NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                         YO
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 11:30 a.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  XKT        NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (8/C) Index           XK
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  XCT        NYMEX Crude Oil MACIIndex                                  XC
             spot (except on the last trading day)
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


  RET        REBCO                                                        RE
             spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
             Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 1:30 p.m.- 4:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                    CME Globex Contracts - continued

Commodity
Code on         Name, Contract Months & CME Globex Pre-Open Period                Cleared Product
CME Globex

   GCT          COMEX Gold                                                           GC
                February, April, June, August and December contract months (current active month only)
                Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 12:30 p.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


   SIT          COMEX Silver                                                       Sl
                March, May, July, September and December contract months (current active month only)
                Globex Pre-Open Time Period: 12:25 p.m.-4:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday


Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:
                          Nancy Minett, Director, Investigations, 212.299.2940
                   Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, Investigations, 212.299.2880

For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate
Communications at 312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.
Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS and
MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1.   TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and
     must be identified as such on the member's trading records.
2.   TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS
     trading on Globex and during each TAS contract's prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation of
     any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
3.   TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
     trading in an expiring contract.
4.   TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
     increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.8. Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where the price of
the trade is that day's settlement price for the contract.                            ·
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1.   Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post close
     session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as an MO and such
     instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing
     period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to
     be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
     designated as such at the time the order is placed.
2.   Members must identify an order executed as an MOon their trading record.
