                                                                       C.F.T.C.
                                                            OFfiCE OF THE SECRETARIAT

CME            roup                                        2010 OCT 21 Prl 3 32

October 21, 2010

Mr. David Stawick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20581

               RE:    Issuance of NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice
                      RA1006-4
                      NYMEX & COMEX Submission No. 10-3P6

Dear Mr. Stawick:

The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. ("NYMEX") and Commodity Exchange, Inc.
("COMEX") (collectively, the "Exchanges") hereby notify the commodity Futures Trading
Commission that they will issue NYMEX & COMEX Market Regulation Advisory Notice 1006-4
on October 22, 2010. The notice provides additional compliance guidance on the upcoming
revision to NYMEX & COMEX Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order
("MO") Transactions") that will prohibit the entry of TAS orders on CME Globex at anytime the
applicable contracts are not available for trading or where the contract is not in its defined pre-
open time period. Additionally, the effective date of the change to theTAS section of the Rule
has been pushed back from October 25, 2010, to November 1, 2010, to ensure that market
participants have adequate time to effectuate any necessary programming revisions to ensure
compliance with the Rule.

As previously announced, the changes to the Matched Order section of the Rule will take effect
on October 25, 2010.

A copy of the Advisory Notice begins on the next page.

NYMEX & COMEX certify that the Advisory Notice complies with the Commodity Exchange Act
and regulations thereunder.

If you have any questions regarding the Advisory Notice, please contact Robert Sniegowski,
Market Regulation, at 312.341.5991 or me at 312.648.5422. Please reference NYMEX &
COM EX Submission No. 10-306 in any related correspondence.

Sincerely,



Is/ Stephen M. Szarmack
Regulatory Counsel
                     MARKET REGULATION ADVISORY NOTICE


 Exchange                  NYMEX & COMEX
 Subject                   Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
 Rule References           Rule 524
Advisory Date              October 22, 2010
Advisory Number            NYMEX & COM EX RA 1006-4
Effective Date             October 25, 2010 (Matched Order Changes Only)
Effective Date             November 1, 2010 (TAS Changes)


This Advisory Notice supersedes NYMEX & COM EX Market Regulation Advisory Notice RA 1005-4 from
October 12. It is being issued to provide additional compliance guidance and a revised effective date for
the changes to theTAS section of Rule 524 ("Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO")
Transactions").

                  Compliance Guidance & Revised Effective Date for TAS Changes

 On October 12, 2010, Market Regulation issued an Advisory Notice concerning revisions to NYMEX &
 COM EX Rule 524 which addressed 1) the prohibition on the initiation of TAS orders on CME Globex prior
 to each group's prescribed pre-open time period and 2) the number of contract months and the time
 period during which Copper futures orders are permitted to be executed via open outcry as MO
·transactions in the Copper futures pit.

The purpose of the prohibition on the initiation of TAS orders prior to the prescribed pre-open period is to
ensure appropriate and efficient messaging practices with respect to the initiation of TAS orders. This
Advisory Notice is being issued to provide additional guidance regarding compliance with the amended
rule and to announce a new effective date intended to allow market participants adequate time to
effectuate any system changes necessary to ensure compliance with the prohibition.

The following clarifies the standard by which compliance with the amended rule will be evaluated:
Market participants are prohibited from initiating the entrv of any TAS order into Globex prior to
receipt of the security status message sent via the FIX/FAST incremental feed identifying that the
group has transitioned to the pre-open state.

The prohibition will become effective on Sunday, October 31 for trade date November 1, 2010.

Any market participant who initiates the entry of a TAS order prior to receipt of the market status message
will be subject to disciplinary action by a panel of the Business Conduct Committee, notwithstanding that
the order may have been rejected by the Globex system. Sanctions for noncompliance may include a
fine, disgorgement of any profits realized as a result of any orders accepted by Globex which were
initiated prior to receipt of the security status message and/or a suspension of access to the market.
Market participants are strongly encouraged to ensure that they have appropriate protocols in place to
ensure that TAS orders are not initiated prior to receipt of the security status message.
The Matched Order section of amended Rule 524 will be effective October 25, 2010, as originally
announced.
The amended text of Rule 524 appears on page 7 of this Advisory Notice.
                                     Entry of TAS Orders on CME Globex

Effective Sunday, October 31 for trade date November 1, 2010, Rule 524 will be amended to permit the
initiation ofTAS orders into Globex only subsequent to the beginning of each group's pre-open state and
during the time period the applicable contracts are available for TAS trading on Globex. The initiation of
any TAS order on Globex outside of these time periods will be prohibited.


                               MO Transactions in Pit-Traded Copper Futures

MO transactions in Copper futures are open outcry trades competitively executed in the Copper futures
pit where the trade is priced at that day's settlement price for the contract. Effective on October 25, MO
transactions in Copper futures will be eligible to be executed in the spot month and the next six
consecutive contract months. Additionally, with the exception of the post close session, members may
execute an MO order at any time the Copper futures pit is open for trading, provided that the order is
placed as an MO order. Regular trading hours for open outcry trading in the Copper futures pit are from
8:10 a.m. until 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time ("ET").

Instructions to execute the order as an MO must be denoted on the order and members must identify an
order executed as an MO on their trading record.

An order entered as an MO will be executed by the floor broker as a Market on Close order if the order is
not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to be executed only as an MO. An
instruction to execute an order only as an MO must be communicated at the time the order is placed.

                             Generallnformation on TAS and MO Transactions

TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price increment
ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price. MO transactions in pit-traded Copper futures will be
priced at that day's settlement price for the contract.         ·

All market participants are reminded that trading activity intended to unfairly affect or to attempt to unfairly
affect a settlement price to benefit TAS positions, including TAS block positions, or MO positions may
subject the member and/or the market participant to disciplinary action for any of a number of rule
violations, including, but not limited to:

     "    price manipulation or attempted price manipulation
     "    wash trading
     "    conduct substantially detrimental to the interests or welfare of the exchange

Any Market Regulation Department investigation of suspected manipulative pricing involving TAS or MO
trades will include review of such positions acquired by market participants and whether the offset of
those positions during the close was disruptive, collusive, and/or caused or attempted to cause
aberrant price movement during the close.

                                           TAS Calendar Spreads

Intra-commodity calendar spreads in the nearby month/second month spread, the second month/third
month spread and the nearby month/third month spread in Light Sweet Crude Oil, New York Harbor No. 2
Heating Oil, Henry Hub Natural Gas and RBOB Gasoline may be executed on CME Globex or on the
trading floor and priced at TAS.
 The pricing of the legs of a TAS calendar spread will be calculated as follows:

     o   The nearby leg of the spread will always be priced at the settlement price determined by the
         Exchange for that contract month.

     o   The far leg of the spread will be priced at the settlement price determined by the Exchange for
         that contract minus the allowable TAS price increment traded (negative 10 through positive 10),
         except in circumstances where the traded TAS price is the actual settlement price of the contract.

         Example 1:

         A May 201 0/June 2010 (KIM) Light Sweet Crude Oil calendar spread trades at
         TAS -1. Assume the May contract settles at 82.17 and the June contract
         settles at 82.59.

         The May leg will be priced at the May settlement price of 82.17. The June leg
         will be priced at 82.60, which is the June settlement price of 82.59 minus theTAS
                                                  =
         price increment of -1 (82.59 minus -.01 82.60) .


         .Example 2:

         A June 201 0/July 2010 (M/N) New York Harbor No. 2 Heating Oil calendar
         spread trades at TAS +/- 0. Assume the June contract settles at 2.1408 and the
         July contract settles at 2.1572.

         The June leg will be priced at the June settlement price of 2.1408. The July leg
         will be priced at 2.1572, which is the July settlement price.


         Example 3:

         A May 201 0/July 2010 (KIN) Henry Hub Natural Gas calendar spread trades at
         TAS +3. Assume the May contract settles at 3.916 and the July contract settles
         at4.101.

         The May leg will priced at the May settlement price of 3.916. The July leg will
         be priced at 4.098, which is the July settlement price of 4.101 minus theTAS
                                                   =
         price increment of +3 (4.101 minus +.003 4.098).


                                      TAS on Gold and Silver Futures

TAS transactions are allowed in the active contract month in Gold and Silver futures. In Gold futures, the
active contract months are February, April, June, August and December. In Silver futures, the active
contract months are March, May, July, September and December. On any given date, TAS transactions
in Gold and Silver futures will be allowed only in a single contract month. Additional information on
identifying the active month in Gold and Silver futures is included in CME Group Special Executive Report
S-5166.
                             TAS-Eiigible Products and Contract Months

                                          Pit-Traded Contracts

Light Sweet Crude Oil
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial
               spot (except on the last trading day)

New York Harbor No.2 Heating Oil
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

RBOB Gasoline
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads

European Gasoil. (ICE)
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months

NYMEX Crude Oil Backwardation/Contango (B/C) Index
               spot (except on the last trading day)

NYMEX Crude Oil MACIIndex
               spot (except on the last trading day)

COMEXGold
               February, April, June, August and December contract months (current active month only)

COMEX Silver
               March, May, July, September and December contract months (current active month only)
                                       CME Globex Contracts

The No-Activity Periods set forth below are provided solely for informational purposes. Market
participants are reminded that for compliance and enforcement purposes, the start of the pre-
open period is defined by receipt of the security status message indicating that the group has
transitioned to the pre-open state and the end of the trading session is defined by receipt of the
security status message indicating that group is closed.

Commodity
Code on        Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period         Cleared Product
CME Globex

  CL T         Light Sweet Crude Oil                                              CL
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd, 3rd and ih months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p~m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                      2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

  BZT          Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financial                                  BZ
               spot (except on the last trading day)
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                      2:30 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

  BBT          Brent Crude Oil Penultimate Financial                               BB
               Spot, 2nd and 3rd months
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                    2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

  HOT          New York Harbor No.2. Heating Oil                                  HO
               spot (except on the last trading day, 2nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                      2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

  NGT          Henry Hub Natural Gas                                              NG
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
               nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                      2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

  NNT          Henry Hub Natural Gas Swap                                       NN
               spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
               No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                      2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

  RBT         RBOB Gasoline                                                      RB
              spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months and
              nearby/second month, second/third month and nearby/third month calendar spreads
              No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                     2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday
Commodity
Code on          Name, Contract Months & CME Globex No-Activity Period            Cleared Product
CME Globex

   7FT           European Gasoil (ICE)                                            7F
                 spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                 No-Activity Periods: 12:00 p.m.-5:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                        12:00 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

   KTT           NYMEX Coffee                                                      KT
                 spot (except on the last trading day)
                 No-Activity Periods: 12:30 p.m. -5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                        12:30 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

   CJT           NYMEX Cocoa                                                       CJ
                 spot (except on the last trading day)
                 No-Activity Periods: 11:50 a.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                        11:50 a.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

   TTT           NYMEX Cotton                                                        TT
                 spot (except on the last trading day)
                 No-Activity Periods: 2:15p.m.- 5:45p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                        2:15 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

   YOT          NYMEX No. 11 Sugar                                               YO
                spot (except on the last trading day)
                No-Activity Periods: 12:30 p.m. - 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       12:30 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

   XCT          NYMEX Crude Oil MAGI Index                                       XC
                spot (except on the last trading day)
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

   RET          REBCO                                                            RE
                spot (except on the last trading day), 2nd and 3rd months
                No-Activity Periods: 2:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       2:30p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday

   GCT          COMEX Gold                                                           GC .
                February, April, June, August and December contract months (current active month only)
                No-Activity Periods: 1:30 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday- Thursday
                                       1:30 p.m. (ET) Friday- 5:15 p.m. (ET) Sunday

   SIT          COMEX Silver                                                       Sl
                March, May, July, September and December contract months (current active month only)
                No-Activity Periods: 1:25 p.m.- 5:45 p.m. (ET) Monday -Thursday
                                     1:25 p.m. (ET) Friday-5:15p.m. (ET) Sunday



Questions regarding this Advisory Notice may be directed to the following individuals in Market
Regulation:
                           Nancy Minett, DirE;lctor, Investigations, 212.299.2940
                    Russell Cloughen, Associate Director, Investigations, 212.299.2880

For media inquiries concerning this Advisory Notice, please contact CME Group Corporate
Communications at 312.930.3434 or news@cmegroup.com.


Text of Rule 524

Trading at Settlement ("TAS") and Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
The Exchange shall determine the commodities, contract months and time periods during which TAS and
MO transactions shall be permitted.
524.A. Trading at Settlement ("TAS") Transactions
The following shall govern TAS transactions:
1.   TAS transactions executed in the pit must be made open and competitively pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 521 during the hours designated for pit trading in the particular contract and
     must be identified as such on the member's trading records.
2.   TAS orders may be entered on Globex at any time the applicable contracts are available for TAS
     trading on Globex and during each TAS contract's prescribed pre-open time period. The initiation of
     any TAS order on Globex outside these time periods is prohibited.
3.   TAS-eligible commodities and contract months may be executed as block trades pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 526 except that TAS block trades may not be executed on the last day of
     trading in an expiring contract.
4.   TAS transactions may be executed at the current day's settlement price or at any valid price
     increment ten ticks higher or lower than the settlement price.
524.8. Matched Order ("MO") Transactions
MO transactions are open outcry trades competitively executed pursuant to Rule 521 where the price of
the trade is that day's settlement price for the contract.
The following shall govern MO transactions:
1.   Members may execute an MO at any time during pit trading hours except during the post close
     session. Members may execute an order as an MO provided the order is placed as an MO and such
     instructions are denoted on the order. An order entered as an MO will be executed during the closing
     period as a Market on Close order if not previously executed as an MO or specifically designated to
     be executed only as an MO. An order specifically designated for execution only as an MO must be
     designated as such at the time the order is placed.
2.   Members must identify an order executed as an MO on their trading record.
