                      SUBMISSION COVER SHEET
IMPORTANT: Check box if Confidential Treatment is requested
Registered Entity Identifier Code (optional): 15-419
Organization: Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. ("CME")
Filing as a:        DCM           SEF        DCO            SDR
Please note - only ONE choice allowed.
Filing Date (mm/dd/yy): October 8, 2015 Filing Description: Amendments to
Five (5) FX CME Futures Contracts
SPECIFY FILING TYPE
Please note only ONE choice allowed per Submission.
Organization Rules and Rule Amendments
        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Notification                                             § 40.6(d)
        Advance Notice of SIDCO Rule Change                      § 40.10(a)
        SIDCO Emergency Rule Change                              § 40.10(h)
Rule Numbers:
New Product                               Please note only ONE product per Submission.
        Certification                                            § 40.2(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.23(a)
        Certification Swap Class                                 § 40.2(d)
        Approval                                                 § 40.3(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.23(b)
        Novel Derivative Product Notification                    § 40.12(a)
        Swap Submission                                          § 39.5
Official Product Name:
Product Terms and Conditions (product related Rules and Rule Amendments)
        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Certification Made Available to Trade Determination      § 40.6(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.24(a)
        Delisting (No Open Interest)                             § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Approval Made Available to Trade Determination           § 40.5(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.24(c)
        Approval Amendments to enumerated agricultural products § 40.4(a), § 40.5(a)
        “Non-Material Agricultural Rule Change”                  § 40.4(b)(5)
        Notification                                             § 40.6(d)
Official Name(s) of Product(s) Affected: See filing.
Rule Numbers: See filing.
                                                                                                                Christopher Bowen
                                                                                     Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
                                                                                                                  Legal Department


October 8, 2015

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL

Mr. Christopher J. Kirkpatrick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20581

        RE:       CFTC Regulation 40.6(a) Certification. Notification Regarding Amendments to Five
                  (5) FX CME Futures Contracts.
                  CME Submission No. 15-419

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick:

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME” or “Exchange”) is notifying the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission (“CFTC” or “Commission”) that it is self-certifying amendments to five (5) FX CME futures
contracts, effective on Sunday, October 25, 2015 for trade date Monday, October 26, 2015, as listed
below:

Rulebook Chapter 270 - Chinese Renminbi/U.S. Dollar (RMB/USD) Futures
Venues: CME Globex, CME ClearPort
Commodity Codes: RMB

Rulebook Chapter 271 - Korean Won/U.S. Dollar (KRW/USD) Futures
Venues: CME Globex, CME ClearPort
Commodity Codes: KRW

Rulebook Chapter 279 - Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar (INR/USD) Futures
Venues: CME Globex, CME ClearPort
Commodity Codes: SIR

Rulebook Chapter 296 - E-micro Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar (INR/USD) Futures
Venues: CME Globex, CME ClearPort
Commodity Codes: MIR

Rulebook Chapter 318 - Chinese Renminbi/Euro (RMB/EUR) Cross Rate Futures
Venues: CME Globex, CME ClearPort
Commodity Codes: RME

More specifically, CME is amending:
CME Rule 27002.B. – Cash Settlement and the addition of the Interpretation of Chinese Renminbi/U.S.
Dollar (RMB/USD) Futures (Rulebook Chapter: 270; Code: RMB);
CME Rule 27102.B. – Cash Settlement and the addition of the Interpretation of Korean Won/U.S. Dollar
(KRW/USD) Futures (Rulebook Chapter: 271; Code: KRW);
CME Rule 27902.B. – Cash Settlement and the addition of the Interpretation of Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar
(INR/USD) Futures (Rulebook Chapter: 279; Code: SIR);
CME Rule 29602.B. – Cash Settlement of E-micro Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar (INR/USD) Futures
(Rulebook Chapter: 296; Code: MIR);


     1 North End Avenue New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                           1
CME Rule 31802.B. – Cash Settlement of Chinese Renminbi/Euro (RMB/EUR) Cross Rate Futures
(Rulebook Chapter: 318; Code: RME)

CME seeks to amend the Cash Settlement rule and add the Interpretation for RMB/USD, KRW/USD and
INR/USD Futures to include Singapore Financial Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”) fallback
procedures. This ensures CME will be aligned with the OTC FX market in the event of a market
disruption. CME will work with SFEMC to make sure CME is aligned in the event the primary rate source
is not determined or published. CME also seeks to amend the Cash Settlement rule for E-micro INR/USD
and RMB/EUR Futures to add SFEMC fallback procedures and will work with SFEMC to make sure CME
is aligned in the event a rate is not determined or published.

Exhibit 1 provides amendments to CME Rule 27002.B. and the addition of the Interpretation in blackline
format. Exhibit 2 provides amendments to CME Rule 27102.B. and the addition of the Interpretation in
blackline format. Exhibit 3 provides amendments to CME Rule 27902.B. and the addition of the
Interpretation in blackline format. Exhibit 4 provides amendments to CME Rule 29602.B. in blackline
format. Exhibit 5 provides amendments to CME Rule 31802.B. in blackline format.

The Exchange reviewed the designated contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in
the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA” or “Act”) and identified the following Core Principles as being
potentially impacted:

       Contracts Not Readily Susceptible to Manipulation: Amending Cash Settlement of these
        futures contracts will not make these contracts more susceptible to market manipulation. The
        changes to the KRW/USD, RMB/USD, INR/USD, E-micro INR/USD and RMB/EUR add SFEMC
        fallback procedures and ensure CME is aligned with the OTC FX market.

       Prevention of Market Disruption: CME shall have the capacity and responsibility to prevent
        manipulation, price distortion, and disruptions of the cash settlement process through currently
        established market surveillance, compliance, and enforcement practices and procedures.

       Availability of General Information: As required by this Core Principle, CME will issue a
        Special Executive Report regarding these aforementioned amendments to notify the market
        authorities, market participants, and the public so that they have accurate, up-to-date information
        regarding the rules, regulations, and mechanisms for cash settlement in these futures contracts.

Pursuant to Section 5c(c) of the Act and CFTC Regulation 40.6(a), the Exchange hereby certifies that the
attached amendments comply with the Act, including regulations under the Act. There were no
substantive opposing views to this proposal.

The Exchange certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the Exchanges’ website at
http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html.

If you have any questions regarding this submission you may contact me at (212) 299-2200 or via e-mail
at CMEGSubmissionInquiry@cmegroup.com.

                                                      Sincerely,


                                                      /s/ Christopher Bowen
                                                      Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel


Attachments:     Exhibit 1 – Amendments to CME Rulebook Chapter 270
                 Exhibit 2 – Amendments to CME Rulebook Chapter 271
                 Exhibit 3 – Amendments to CME Rulebook Chapter 279
                 Exhibit 4 – Amendments to CME Rulebook Chapter 296
                 Exhibit 5 – Amendments to CME Rulebook Chapter 318
    1 North End Avenue New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                          2
                                                                  EXHIBIT 1

                                                              CME RULEBOOK

                                                         (Additions are underlined)


                                                      Chapter 270
                                     Chinese Renminbi/U.S. Dollar (RMB/USD) Futures

270.02. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES

27002.B.               Cash Settlement

The Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar” fixing (or
“midpoint”) rate published by the People’s Bank of China (PBC) and representing spot trading of Chinese
renminbi per U.S. dollar on the futures contract termination of trading day. Normally, this fixing rate is
published at 9:15 a.m. Beijing time (7:15 p.m. Central Time in the winter or 8:15 p.m. Central Time in the
         1
summer) on each Beijing business day for foreign exchange trading. The fixing rate may be found on the
Reuters SAEC page opposite symbol “USDCNY=”. The Final Settlement Price reciprocal calculation shall
be rounded to six (6) decimal places. Open positions on the business day following the termination of
trading day will be marked to market to the Final Settlement Price. For example, a SAEC published rate of
8.0245 Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar implies a Final Settlement Price of $0.124618 per Chinese
renminbi (reciprocal rounded to 6 decimal places).

In the event that the “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the PBC
is not published on the CME Chinese renminbi futures contract Termination of Trading day, and therefore,
CME cannot determine the CME Chinese renminbi Final Settlement Price, then final settlement of the
CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contract may be deferred or postponed for up to 14
consecutive calendar days. This procedure is intended to correspond to the deferral or postponement
procedure followed by the interbank non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) market to cash-settled NDF
transactions, pursuant to recognized market practices as published by EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange
Committee and the Singapore Foreign Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”). Upon the publication of
the “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the PBC prior to the lapse
of such 14-day period, CME shall determine the Final Settlement Price using the reciprocal of such PBC
rate and the CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contract shall be cash settled on such day. If
however, 14 consecutive calendar days pass without publication of the PBC rate, CME shall otherwise
determine the Final Settlement Price.

After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without publication of the PBC “Chinese renminbi per
U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate, the Final Settlement Price may be calculated and published by
CME on the next Business Day using the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate (“CNY Indicative Survey
Rate”), if available. The CNY Indicative Survey Rate is proposed to be published by SFEMC (or its
designee) and posted on the public portion of SFEMC and EMTA’s website following the continuous
unavailability of the PBC rate for 14 calendar days in order to provide the NDF market with a back-up rate
source for valuation of certain outstanding non-deliverable foreign exchange transactions if the PBC rate
cannot be published for an extended period of time. The procedures for the SFEMC CNY Indicative
Survey are defined in the Interpretation to this chapter.

However, if SFEMC fails to publish the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day following
the lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above, and the PBC rate is also
unavailable, then SFEMC shall repeat efforts to obtain the CNY Indicative Survey Rate each day for an
additional two business days. If on either of these two Business Days the PBC “Chinese renminbi per
U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate is published, then final settlement of the CME Chinese renminbi/U.S.

1
    Beijing is 14 hours ahead of Chicago in the winter and 13 hours ahead of Chicago in the summer. Beijing does not observe daylight saving time.




                                                                          3
dollar futures contracts shall be the reciprocal of the first of these rates published. However, if the PBC
rate is unavailable and the SFEMC publishes the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on either of these two
Business Days, then the final settlement of the CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall
be the reciprocal of the first of these rates published. If the SFEMC does not publish the CNY Indicative
Survey Rate on either of these two Business Days, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final
Settlement Price.

However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to determine a
Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections and the Interpretation to this chapter,
then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price.

27003. [RESERVED]

(End Chapter 270)

              INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 270

Effective, May 17, 2006, EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee (“FXC”) and the Singapore
Foreign Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”) adopted amendments to the December 1, 2004 non-
deliverable forward (“NDF”) template procedures for six Asian currencies, which included a “SFEMC CNY
Indicative Survey” (“CNY Indicative Survey”) to be conducted in certain circumstances when the "Chinese
renminbi per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint” or “CNY SAEC (CNY01)”) rate as calculated by the People's
Bank of China (“PBC”) is unavailable for settlement of expiring non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) Chinese
renminbi versus U.S. dollar transactions. The CNY Indicative Survey results in the calculation of the
“SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate” (“CNY Indicative Survey Rate”), which can be used by the NDF
market to settle non-deliverable Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar transactions in defined circumstances. In
order to reduce basis risk for market participants trading both NDF Chinese renminbi transactions and
CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures and options on futures contracts, CME has also adopted
procedures to settle terminated CME Chinese renminbi/U.S. dollar futures contracts to the reciprocal of
the CNY Indicative Survey Rate when the PBC rate has been unavailable for 14 consecutive calendar
days. The following sets forth the EMTA, the Foreign Exchange Committee and SFEMC methodology for
the CNY Indicative Survey.

The SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey

For purposes of determining the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate (“CNY Indicative Survey Rate”) for
any Valuation Date, SFEMC (or a service provider SFEMC may select in its sole discretion) shall conduct
a survey of financial institutions (“CNY Indicative Survey”) for such date.

   Commencing the CNY Indicative Survey: SFEMC (itself or through a service provider SFEMC will
    select in its sole discretion) will conduct a survey of financial institutions for the purpose of
    determining the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate, beginning at 11:00 a.m. (Singapore time) or as
    soon thereafter as practicable on a Business Day in Beijing (or a calendar day that would have been
    a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), following any 14 calendar day period during which
    valuation is deferred or postponed (or both).

   Polled Banks: For purposes of determining the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for a Valuation Date,
    SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will survey financial institutions that are active
    participants in the CNY/U.S. dollar market (each, a “Participating Bank”) and included in a current list
    of Participating Banks published on the SFEMC’s website (www.sfemc.org) (the “Publication Site”).
    Only one office of each financial institution will be included as a Participating Bank in each CNY
    Indicative Survey.

   Survey Question: Each Participating Bank will be asked to provide its reasonable judgment of what
    is (or, in the case of an Unscheduled Holiday, would be) the current prevailing free market CNY spot
    rate (bid-offer pair) for a standard size CNY/U.S. dollar wholesale financial transaction for same-day
    settlement in the Beijing marketplace on the Valuation Date. In arriving at this indicative quotation,



                                                     4
    each Participating Bank will be directed to take such factors into consideration as it deems
    appropriate, which factors may (but need not) include any or all of the following: the spot rate(s)
    implied in the offshore non-deliverable foreign exchange market for CNY/U.S. dollar transactions; the
    spot rate implied by any other financial market transactions (to the extent that such other financial
    markets are open for business); the spot rate used in connection with any commercial transactions for
    goods or services from offshore suppliers or providers; any existing rate for trade finance
    transactions; and any other existing unofficial rate for CNY/U.S. dollar transactions (commercial or
    otherwise).

Use of Survey Results

   SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will determine the mid-point of each bid-offer pair. The
    arithmetic mean of the mid-points will be used to determine the CNY Indicative Survey Rate, rounded
    to the fourth decimal point as describe below.

   If the CNY Indicative Survey results in 21 or more responses, then the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-
    points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be computed and
    will constitute the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of eliminating
    the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-points, if more than 4 mid-points have the same highest value or
    lowest value, then only 4 such mid-points shall be eliminated

   If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 21 but 11 or more responses, then the 2 highest and
    2 lowest mid-points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points shall be
    computed and will constitute the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes
    of eliminating the 2 highest and 2 lowest mid-points, if more than 2 mid-points have the same highest
    value or lowest value, then only 2 such mid-points shall be eliminated.

   If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 11 but 8 or more responses, then the highest and the
    lowest mid-points will be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be
    computed and will constitute the CNY Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes
    of eliminating the highest and lowest mid-points, if more than 1 mid-point has the same highest value
    or lowest value, then only 1 such mid-point shall be eliminated.

   If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 8 but 5 or more responses, then no mid-points will be
    eliminated and the arithmetic mean of all mid-points will be computed and will constitute the CNY
    Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.

   Quotes will be provided to the fourth decimal point (e.g., 1.0000).

Insufficient Responses

   If the CNY Indicative Survey results in less than 5 responses from Participating Banks (“Insufficient
    Responses”), no CNY Indicative Survey Rate will be available for the relevant Valuation Date. The
    next CNY Indicative Survey will take place on the next succeeding Business Day in Beijing (or
    calendar day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), subject to
    section below titled “Discontinuing the CNY Indicative Survey.”

CNY Indicative Survey Rate Publication

   The CNY Indicative Survey Rate will be published on Publication Site at 3:30 p.m. (Singapore time),
    or as soon thereafter as practicable.

   As soon as it is determined that the CNY Indicative Survey will result in Insufficient Responses, a
    notice that no CNY Indicative Survey Rate is available for the Valuation Date will be published on the
    Publication Site.




                                                     5
   The response of each Participating Bank to the Indicative Survey (bid-off pair) will be available on the
    Publication Site at 9:00 a.m. (Singapore time) on the first Business Day in Beijing (or calendar day
    that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday) following the Business Day on
    which the relevant CNY Indicative Survey Rate is published, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

Discontinuing the CNY Indicative Survey

The CNY Indicative Survey will be discontinued (i) on the calendar day first following the Business Day in
Beijing on which the CNY SAEC (CNY 01) is available for the determination of a Settlement Rate, or (ii)
on the calendar day first following polling for the CNY Indicative Survey that results in Insufficient
Responses for three consecutive polling days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will be
construed to prevent SFEMC from continuing or re-initiating the CNY Indicative Survey at an appropriate
time.

A notice that the CNY Indicative Survey has been discontinued will be published on the Publication Site.

Amendments to the Methodology

SFEMC may, in its discretion, from time to time, make such administrative, procedural or other
modifications to this Methodology as are appropriate to ensure the continued operation and integrity of
the CNY Indicative Survey.

Disclaimer

CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC may select disclaim liability for the use of the SFEMC
Indicative Survey Rates and for any action taken in reliance thereon, and CME, SFEMC and any service
provider SFEMC may select make no representation and warranty, express or implied, either as to the
results (including, without limitation, the accuracy, timeliness or adequacy) obtained from the use of any
of the SFEMC Indicative Survey Rates or the methodology for determining any of the SFEMC Indicative
Survey Rates and its merchantability or suitability for any particular use.




                                                     6
                                              EXHIBIT 2

                                            CME RULEBOOK

                                        (Additions are underlined)


                                           Chapter 271
                             Korean Won/U.S. Dollar (KRW/USD) Futures

271.02. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES

27102.B.        Cash Settlement

All Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contracts remaining open after the close of trading on the termination
of trading day shall be liquidated by cash settlement at a price equal to the Final Settlement Price. Final
Settlement Price is equal to the reciprocal of the spot exchange rate of Republic of Korea won per U.S.
dollar as reported on the termination of trading day by Korea Financial Telecommunication and Clearing
Corporation (KFTC) and determined by the Seoul Money Brokerage Service Limited (SMBS), which
appears on (1) the Reuters KFTC18 Page to the right of the caption “USD Today” and also on (2) the
Telerate Page 45644 to the right of the caption “Today.” The reciprocal will be rounded to seven decimal
places. The reported KFTC18 rate and Telerate Page 45644 rate represent spot market activity for value
on the second succeeding Korean Business Day. The Republic of Korea Ministry of Finance and
Economy (MOFE) has designated SMBS as the institution responsible for the calculation and
announcement of the basic exchange rate of Korea won against major currencies. This spot exchange
rate is published at about 3:30 p.m. Seoul Time on the rate calculation date, but no later than 9:00 a.m.
Seoul Time (6:00 p.m. Central time in the winter and 7:00 p.m. Central time in the summer) on the next
Korean Business Day. This rate is used widely by the interbank foreign exchange market to cash settle
non-deliverable forward contracts for Korean won versus U.S. dollars. All open positions at the
termination of trading will be cash settled to the reciprocal of this rate when it is available.

In the event that the spot exchange rate of Korean won per U.S. dollar is not reported by Korea Financial
Telecommunication and Clearing Corporation (KFTC) and/or determined by the Seoul Money Brokerage
Service Limited (SMBS) on the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract Termination of Trading day,
and therefore, CME cannot determine the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar Final Settlement Price, then final
settlement of the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract may be deferred or postponed for up to 14
consecutive calendar days. This procedure is intended to correspond to the deferral or postponement
procedure followed by the inter-bank non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) market to cash-settle NDF
transactions, pursuant to recognized market practices as published by EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange
Committee and the Singapore Foreign Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”). Upon the reporting of
the spot exchange rate of Korean won per U.S. dollar by KFTC and calculated by SMBS prior to the lapse
of such 14-day period, CME shall determine the Final Settlement Price using the reciprocal of such KFTC
rate rounded to seven decimal places, and the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contract shall be
cash settled on such day. If however, 14 consecutive calendar days pass without publication of the KFTC
rate, CME shall otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.

After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without publication of the KFTC rate, the Final Settlement
Price may be calculated and published by CME on the next Business Day using the SFEMC KRW
Indicative Survey Rate (“KRW Indicative Survey Rate”), if available. The KRW Indicative Survey Rate is
proposed to be published by SFEMC (or its designee) and posted on the public portion of SFEMC and
EMTA’s website following the continuous unavailability of the KFTC rate for 14 calendar days in order to
provide the NDF market with a back-up rate source for valuation of certain outstanding non-deliverable
foreign exchange transactions if the KFTC rate cannot be published for an extended period of time. The
procedures for the SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey are defined in the Interpretation to this chapter.




                                                    7
However, if SFEMC fails to publish the KRW Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day following
the lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above, and the KFTC rate is also
unavailable, then SFEMC shall repeat efforts to obtain the KRW Indicative Survey Rate each day for an
additional two Business Days. If on either of these two Business Days the KFTC rate is published, then
final settlement of the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall be to the reciprocal of the first
of these rates published, rounded to seven decimal places. However, if the KFTC rate is unavailable and
the SFEMC publishes the KRW Indicative Survey Rate on either of these two Business Days, then the
final settlement of the CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall be to the reciprocal of the first
of these rates published, rounded to seven decimal places. If the SFEMC does not publish the KRW
Indicative Survey Rate on either of these two Business Days, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the
Final Settlement Price.

However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to determine a
Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections and the Interpretation to this chapter,
then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price.

27103. [RESERVED]
(End Chapter 271)

                     INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 271

Effective, May 17, 2006, EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee (“FXC”) and the Singapore
Foreign Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”) adopted amendments to the December 1, 2004 non-
deliverable forward (“NDF”) template procedures for six Asian currencies, which included a “SFEMC KRW
Indicative Survey” (“KRW Indicative Survey”) to be conducted in certain circumstances when the official
closing "exchange rate of Korean won per U.S. dollar" as reported by the Korea Financial
Telecommunication and Clearing Corporation (KFTC) and determined by the Seoul Money Brokerage
Service Limited (SMBS) is unavailable for settlement of expiring non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) Korean
won versus U.S. dollar transactions. The KRW Indicative Survey results in the calculation of the “SFEMC
KRW Indicative Survey Rate” (“KRW Indicative Survey Rate”), which can be used by the NDF market to
settle non-deliverable Korean won/U.S. dollar transactions in defined circumstances. In order to reduce
basis risk for market participants trading both NDF Korean won transactions and CME Korean won/U.S.
dollar futures and options on futures contracts, CME has also adopted procedures to settle terminated
CME Korean won/U.S. dollar futures contracts to the reciprocal of the KRW Indicative Survey Rate when
the KRW KFTC18 rate has been unavailable for 14 consecutive calendar days. The following sets forth
the EMTA, FXC and SFEMC methodology for the KRW Indicative Survey.

The SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey

For purposes of determining the SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey Rate (“KRW Indicative Survey Rate”) for
any Valuation Date, SFEMC (or a service provider SFEMC may select in its sole discretion) shall conduct
a survey of financial institutions (“KRW Indicative Survey”) for such date.

   Commencing the KRW Indicative Survey: SFEMC (itself or through a service provider SFEMC will
    select in its sole discretion) will conduct a survey of financial institutions for the purpose of
    determining the SFEMC KRW Indicative Survey Rate, beginning at 11:00 a.m. (Singapore time) or as
    soon thereafter as practicable on a Business Day in Seoul (or a calendar day that would have been a
    Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), following any 14 calendar day period during which
    valuation is deferred or postponed (or both).

   Polled Banks: For purposes of determining the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for a Valuation Date,
    SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will survey financial institutions that are active
    participants in the KRW/U.S. dollar market (each, a “Participating Bank”) and included in a current list
    of Participating Banks published on the SFEMC’s website (www.sfemc.org) (the “Publication Site”).
    Only one office of each financial institution will be included as a Participating Bank in each KRW
    Indicative Survey.


                                                     8
   Survey Question: Each Participating Bank will be asked to provide its reasonable judgment of what
    is (or, in the case of an Unscheduled Holiday, would be) the current prevailing free market KRW spot
    rate (bid-offer pair) for a standard size KRW/U.S. dollar wholesale financial transaction for same-day
    settlement in the Seoul marketplace on the Valuation Date. In arriving at this indicative quotation,
    each Participating Bank will be directed to take such factors into consideration as it deems
    appropriate, which factors may (but need not) include any or all of the following: the spot rate(s)
    implied in the offshore non-deliverable foreign exchange market for KRW/U.S. dollar transactions; the
    spot rate implied by any other financial market transactions (to the extent that such other financial
    markets are open for business); the spot rate used in connection with any commercial transactions for
    goods or services from offshore suppliers or providers; any existing rate for trade finance
    transactions; and any other existing unofficial rate for KRW/U.S. dollar transactions (commercial or
    otherwise).

Use of Survey Results

   SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will determine the mid-point of each bid-offer pair. The
    arithmetic mean of the mid-points will be used to determine the KRW Indicative Survey Rate, rounded
    to the fourth decimal point as describe below.

   If the KRW Indicative Survey results in 21 or more responses, then the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-
    points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be computed and
    will constitute the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of eliminating
    the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-points, if more than 4 mid-points have the same highest value or
    lowest value, then only 4 such mid-points shall be eliminated

   If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 21 but 11 or more responses, then the 2 highest and
    2 lowest mid-points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points shall be
    computed and will constitute the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes
    of eliminating the 2 highest and 2 lowest mid-points, if more than 2 mid-points have the same highest
    value or lowest value, then only 2 such mid-points shall be eliminated.

   If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 11 but 8 or more responses, then the highest and
    the lowest mid-points will be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be
    computed and will constitute the KRW Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes
    of eliminating the highest and lowest mid-points, if more than 1 mid-point has the same highest value
    or lowest value, then only 1 such mid-point shall be eliminated.

   If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 8 but 5 or more responses, then no mid-points will
    be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of all mid-points will be computed and will constitute the KRW
    Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.

   Quotes will be provided to the fourth decimal point (e.g., 1.0000).

Insufficient Responses

   If the KRW Indicative Survey results in less than 5 responses from Participating Banks (“Insufficient
    Responses”), no KRW Indicative Survey Rate will be available for the relevant Valuation Date. The
    next KRW Indicative Survey will take place on the next succeeding Business Day in Seoul (or
    calendar day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), subject to
    section below titled “Discontinuing the KRW Indicative Survey.”

KRW Indicative Survey Rate Publication

   The KRW Indicative Survey Rate will be published on Publication Site at 3:30 p.m. (Singapore time),
    or as soon thereafter as practicable.




                                                     9
   As soon as it is determined that the KRW Indicative Survey will result in Insufficient Responses, a
    notice that no KRW Indicative Survey Rate is available for the Valuation Date will be published on the
    Publication Site.

   The response of each Participating Bank to the Indicative Survey (bid-off pair) will be available on the
    Publication Site at 9:00 a.m. (Singapore time) on the first Business Day in Seoul (or calendar day that
    would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday) following the Business Day on
    which the relevant KRW Indicative Survey Rate is published, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

Discontinuing the KRW Indicative Survey

The KRW Indicative Survey will be discontinued (i) on the calendar day first following the Business Day in
Seoul on which the KRW KFTC18 (KRW 02) is available for the determination of a Settlement Rate, or (ii)
on the calendar day first following polling for the KRW Indicative Survey that results in Insufficient
Responses for three consecutive polling days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will be
construed to prevent SFEMC from continuing or re-initiating the KRW Indicative Survey at an appropriate
time.

A notice that the KRW Indicative Survey has been discontinued will be published on the Publication Site.

Amendments to the Methodology

SFEMC may, in its discretion, from time to time, make such administrative, procedural or other
modifications to this Methodology as are appropriate to ensure the continued operation and integrity of
the KRW Indicative Survey.

Disclaimer

CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC may select disclaim liability for the use of the SFEMC
Indicative Survey Rates and for any action taken in reliance thereon, and CME, SFEMC and any service
provider SFEMC may select make no representation and warranty, express or implied, either as to the
results (including, without limitation, the accuracy, timeliness or adequacy) obtained from the use of any
of the SFEMC Indicative Survey Rates or the methodology for determining any of the SFEMC Indicative
Survey Rates and its merchantability or suitability for any particular use.




                                                    10
                                                 EXHIBIT 3

                                              CME RULEBOOK

                          (Additions are underlined, deletions are struck through)


                                              Chapter 279
                               Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar (INR/USD) Futures

279.02. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES

27902.B.    Cash Settlement

The Final Settlement Price shall be equal to the reciprocal of “INR RBIB (INR01),” which is the “Indian
rupee per U.S. dollar” spot exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at approximately
1:30 p.m. Mumbai time (about 2:00 a.m. Central Time in the winter and 3:00 a.m. Central Time in the
summer). This rate is widely used by the interbank foreign exchange market to cash settle non-
deliverable forward contracts for Indian rupee versus U.S. dollars. Reuters quotes this RBI USD/INR spot
rate on its page RBIB. The Final Settlement Price shall be rounded to two (2) decimal places. Open
positions on the business day following the termination of trading day will be marked to the Final
Settlement Price. For example, the Final Settlement Price based upon the reciprocal of a RBI INR/USD
rate of 54.8473 Indian rupees per one U.S. dollar is 182.32 U.S. cents per 100 Indian rupees.

In the event that the “Indian rupee per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the RBI is not
published on the CME Indian rupee futures contract Termination of Trading day, and therefore, CME
cannot determine the CME Indian rupee Final Settlement Price, then final settlement of the CME Indian
rupee/U.S. dollar futures contract may be deferred or postponed for up to 14 consecutive calendar days.
This procedure is intended to correspond to the deferral or postponement procedure followed by the
interbank non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) market to cash-settled NDF transactions, pursuant to
recognized market practices as published by EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee and the
Singapore Foreign Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”). Upon the publication of the “Indian rupee per
U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the RBI prior to the lapse of such 14-day period,
CME shall determine the Final Settlement Price using the reciprocal of such RBI rate and the CME Indian
rupee/U.S. dollar futures contract shall be cash settled on such day. If however, 14 consecutive calendar
days pass without publication of the RBI rate, CME shall otherwise determine the Final Settlement Price.

After the lapse of 14 consecutive calendar days without publication of the RBI “Indian rupee per U.S.
dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate, the Final Settlement Price may be calculated and published by CME on
the next Business Day using the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey Rate (“INR Indicative Survey Rate”), if
available. The INR Indicative Survey Rate is proposed to be published by SFEMC (or its designee) and
posted on the public portion of SFEMC and EMTA’s website following the continuous unavailability of the
RBI rate for 14 calendar days in order to provide the NDF market with a back-up rate source for valuation
of certain outstanding non-deliverable foreign exchange transactions if the RBI rate cannot be published
for an extended period of time. The procedures for the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey are defined in the
Interpretation to this chapter.

However, if SFEMC fails to publish the INR Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day following the
lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above, and the INR rate is also
unavailable, then SFEMC shall repeat efforts to obtain the INR Indicative Survey Rate each day for an
additional two business days. If on either of these two Business Days the INR “Indian rupee per U.S.
dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate is published, then final settlement of the CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar
futures contracts shall be the reciprocal of the first of these rates published. However, if the RBI rate is
unavailable and the SFEMC publishes the RBI Indicative Survey Rate on either of these two Business
Days, then the final settlement of the CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures contracts shall be the
reciprocal of the first of these rates published. If the SFEMC does not publish the RBI Indicative Survey



                                                      11
Rate on either of these two Business Days, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement
Price.

However, in the event that the Exchange President determines that the Clearing House is not able to
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections and the Interpretation to this
chapter, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price.

27903. [RESERVED]

(End Chapter 279)

               INTERPRETATIONS & SPECIAL NOTICES RELATING TO CHAPTER 279

Effective, May 17, 2006, EMTA, Inc., the Foreign Exchange Committee (“FXC”) and the Singapore
Foreign Exchange Market Committee (“SFEMC”) adopted amendments to the December 1, 2004 non-
deliverable forward (“NDF”) template procedures for six Asian currencies, which included a “SFEMC INR
Indicative Survey” (“INR Indicative Survey”) to be conducted in certain circumstances when the "Indian
rupee per U.S. dollar" fixing (or “midpoint” or “INR RBIB (INR01)”) rate as calculated by the Reserve Bank of
India (“RBI”) is unavailable for settlement of expiring non-deliverable forward (“NDF”) Indian rupee versus
U.S. dollar transactions. The RMB Indicative Survey results in the calculation of the “SFEMC INR
Indicative Survey Rate” (“INR Indicative Survey Rate”), which can be used by the NDF market to settle
non-deliverable Indian rupee/U.S. dollar transactions in defined circumstances. In order to reduce basis
risk for market participants trading both NDF Indian rupee transactions and CME Indian rupee/U.S. dollar
futures and options on futures contracts, CME has also adopted procedures to settle terminated CME
Indian rupee/U.S. dollar futures contracts to the reciprocal of the INR Indicative Survey Rate when the
RBI rate has been unavailable for 14 consecutive calendar days. The following sets forth the EMTA, the
Foreign Exchange Committee and SFEMC methodology for the INR Indicative Survey.

The SFEMC INR Indicative Survey

For purposes of determining the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey Rate (“INR Indicative Survey Rate”) for
any Valuation Date, SFEMC (or a service provider SFEMC may select in its sole discretion) shall conduct
a survey of financial institutions (“INR Indicative Survey”) for such date.

   Commencing the INR Indicative Survey

    SFEMC (itself or through a service provider SFEMC will select in its sole discretion) will conduct a
    survey of financial institutions for the purpose of determining the SFEMC INR Indicative Survey Rate,
    beginning at 12:00 Noon (Singapore time) or as soon thereafter as practicable on a Business Day in
    Mumbai (or a calendar day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday),
    following any 14 calendar day period during which valuation is deferred or postponed (or both).

   Polled Banks

    For purposes of determining the INR Indicative Survey Rate for a Valuation Date, SFEMC (itself or
    through a service provider) will survey financial institutions that are active participants in the INR/U.S.
    Dollar market (each, a “Participating Bank”) and included in a current list of Participating Banks
    published on the SFEMC’s website (www.sfemc.org) (the “Publication Site”). Only one office of each
    financial institution will be included as a Participating Bank in each INR Indicative Survey.

   Survey Question

    Each Participating Bank will be asked to provide its reasonable judgment of what is (or, in the case of
    an Unscheduled Holiday, would be) the current prevailing free market INR spot rate (bid-offer pair) for
    a standard size INR/U.S. Dollar wholesale financial transaction for same-day settlement in the
    Mumbai marketplace on the Valuation Date. In arriving at this indicative quotation, each Participating
    Bank will be directed to take such factors into consideration as it deems appropriate, which factors



                                                      12
    may (but need not) include any or all of the following: the spot rate(s) implied in the offshore non-
    deliverable foreign exchange market for INR/U.S. Dollar transactions; the spot rate implied by any
    other financial market transactions (to the extent that such other financial markets are open for
    business); the spot rate used in connection with any commercial transactions for goods or services
    from offshore suppliers or providers; any existing rate for trade finance transactions; and any other
    existing unofficial rate for INR/U.S. Dollar transactions (commercial or otherwise).

Use of Survey Results

   SFEMC (itself or through a service provider) will determine the mid-point of each bidoffer pair. The
    arithmetic mean of the mid-points will be used to determine the INR Indicative Survey Rate, rounded
    to the fourth decimal point as described below.

   If the INR Indicative Survey results in 21 or more responses, then the 4 highest and 4 lowest mid-
    points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be computed and
    will constitute the INR Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of eliminating the
    4 highest and 4 lowest mid-points, if more than 4 mid-points have the same highest value or lowest
    value, then only 4 such mid-points will be eliminated

   If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 21 but 11 or more responses, then the 2 highest and
    2 lowest mid-points will be eliminated, and the arithmetic mean of the remaining mid-points will be
    computed and will constitute the INR Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of
    eliminating the 2 highest and 2 lowest mid-points, if more than 2 mid-points have the same highest
    value or lowest value, then only 2 such mid-points will be eliminated.

   If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 11 but 8 or more responses, then the highest and the
    lowest mid-points will be eliminated and the arithmetic mean of the remaining midpoints will be
    computed and will constitute the INR Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date. For purposes of
    eliminating the highest and lowest mid-points, if more than 1 mid-point has the same highest value or
    lowest value, then only 1 such mid-point will be eliminated.

   If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 8 but 5 or more responses, then no mid-points will be
    eliminated and the arithmetic mean of all midpoints will be computed and will constitute the INR
    Indicative Survey Rate for such Valuation Date.

   Quotes will be provided to the fourth decimal point (e.g., 1.0000).

Insufficient Responses

   If the INR Indicative Survey results in less than 5 responses from Participating Banks(“Insufficient
    Responses”), no INR Indicative Survey Rate will be available for the relevant Valuation Date. The
    next INR Indicative Survey will take place on the next succeeding Business Day in Mumbai (or
    calendar day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday), subject to
    Section V below.

   INR Indicative Survey Rate Publication

   The INR Indicative Survey Rate will be published on the Publication Site at 3:30 p.m. (Singapore
    time), or as soon thereafter as practicable.

   As soon as it is determined that the INR Indicative Survey will result in Insufficient Responses, a
    notice that no INR Indicative Survey Rate is available for the Valuation Date will be published on the
    Publication Site.

   The response of each Participating Bank to the Indicative Survey (bid-offer pair) will be available on
    the Publication Site at 9:00 a.m. (Singapore time) on the first Business Day in Mumbai (or calendar
    day that would have been a Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday) following the Business



                                                     13
    Day on which the relevant INR Indicative Survey Rate is published, or as soon thereafter as
    practicable.

Discontinuing the INR Indicative Survey

The INR Indicative Survey will be discontinued (i) on the calendar day first following the Business Day in
Mumbai on which the INR RBIB (INR 01) is available for the determination of a Settlement Rate, or (ii) on
the calendar day first following polling for the INR Indicative Survey that results in Insufficient Responses
for three consecutive polling days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein will be construed to
prevent SFEMC from continuing or re-initiating the INR Indicative Survey at an appropriate time.

A notice that the INR Indicative Survey has been discontinued will be published on the Publication Site.

Amendments to the Methodology

SFEMC may, in its discretion, from time to time, make such administrative procedural or other
modifications to this Methodology as are appropriate to ensure the continued operation and integrity of
the INR Indicative Survey.

Disclaimer

CME, SFEMC and any service provider SFEMC may select disclaim liability for the use of the SFEMC
Indicative Survey Rates and for any action taken in reliance thereon, and CME, SFEMC and any service
provider SFEMC may select make no representation and warranty, express or implied, either as to the
results (including, without limitation, the accuracy, timeliness or adequacy) obtained from the use of any
of the SFEMC Indicative Survey Rates or the methodology for determining any of the SFEMC Indicative
Survey Rates and its merchantability or suitability for any particular use.




                                                     14
                                             EXHIBIT 4

                                          CME RULEBOOK

                        (Additions are underlined, deletions are struck through)


                                           Chapter 296
                        E-micro Indian Rupee/U.S. Dollar (INR/USD) Futures

296.02. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES

29602.B.        Cash Settlement

The Final Settlement Price shall be equal to the reciprocal of “INR RBIB (INR01),” which is the “Indian
rupee per U.S. dollar” spot exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at approximately
1:30 p.m. Mumbai time (about 2:00 a.m. Central Time in the winter and 3:00 a.m. Central Time in the
summer). This rate is widely used by the interbank foreign exchange market to cash settle non-
deliverable forward contracts for Indian rupee versus U.S. dollars. Reuters quotes this RBI USD/INR spot
rate on its page RBIB. The Final Settlement Price shall be rounded to two (2) decimal places. Open
positions on the business day following the termination of trading day will be marked to the Final
Settlement Price. For example, the Final Settlement Price based upon the reciprocal of a RBI INR/USD
rate of 54.8473 Indian rupees per one U.S. dollar is 182.32 U.S. cents per 100 Indian rupees.

However, in the event that the Exchange President determines that the Clearing House is not able to
determine a Final Settlement Price pursuant any of to the preceding sections or the Interpretation to
Chapter 279, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the Final Settlement Price.

29603. [RESERVED]

(End Chapter 296)




                                                  15
                                               EXHIBIT 5

                                            CME RULEBOOK

                         (Additions are underlined, deletions are struck through)


                                          Chapter 318
                       Chinese Renminbi/Euro (RMB/EUR) Cross Rate Futures

318.02. SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES

31802.B.        Cash Settlement

The Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the “Chinese renminbi per Euro” fixing (or “midpoint”)
rate published by the People’s Bank of China (PBC) and representing spot trading of Chinese renminbi
per Euro on the futures contract termination of trading day. Normally, this fixing rate is published at 9:15
a.m. Beijing time (7:15 p.m. CST or 8:15 p.m. CDT on the prior calendar day) on each Beijing Business
Day for foreign exchange trading. The fixing rate may be found on the Reuters SAEC page opposite
symbol “EURCNY=”. The Final Settlement Price reciprocal calculation shall be rounded to six (6) decimal
places. Open positions on the Business Day following the termination of trading day will be marked to
market to the Final Settlement Price. For example, a SAEC published rate of 9.65410 Chinese renminbi
per Euro implies a Final Settlement Price of 0.103583 Euro per Chinese renminbi (reciprocal rounded to 6
decimal places).

In the event that the “Chinese renminbi per Euro" fixing (or “midpoint”) rate as calculated by the PBC is
not published on the CME Chinese renminbi/Euro futures contract Termination of Trading day, but the
PBC “Chinese renminbi per U.S. dollar” fixing (or “midpoint”) rate is published, then determination of the
Final Settlement Price will be based upon the reciprocal of the product of the bid/ask midpoint of the spot
Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 9:00 a.m. Beijing time and the PBC USDCNY rate
rounded to six (6) decimal places. If the PBC EURCNY and USDCNY rates are unavailable on the
termination of trading day, determination of the Final Settlement Price may be postponed or deferred
each such day for up to 14 consecutive calendar days. If on the first of any of the intervening 14 calendar
days, the PBC EURCNY rate becomes available, then the futures contract Final Settlement Price shall be
the reciprocal of the PBC EURCNY rate, rounded to six decimal places. If on the first of any of the
intervening 14 calendar days, when the PBC EURCNY rate is unavailable, but the PBC USDCNY rate
becomes available, then the futures contract Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the product
of the PBC USDCNY rate and the bid/ask midpoint of the spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page
EUR= at 9:00 a.m. Beijing time, rounded to six decimal places. However, if on the 15th such consecutive
calendar day where neither the PBC EURCNY rate nor the PBC USDCNY rate is available, then the Final
Settlement Price may be set equal to the reciprocal of the product of the SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey
Rate, published by the Singapore Foreign Exchange Market Committee (SFEMC) or its designee, and
calculated according to the SFEMC RMB Indicative Survey Rate Methodology published on the SFEMC
website (www.sfemc@org) and EMTA, Inc. website (www.emta@org) and the bid/ask midpoint of the
spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 11:00 a.m. Singapore (and Beijing) time, rounded to
six (6) decimal places. Details of the survey methodology appear in the CME Rulebook and on the CME
Web site (www.cme.com).

However, if SFEMC fails to publish the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on the first Business Day following
the lapse of the valuation postponement or deferral period described above (i.e., the 15th consecutive
calendar day), and the PBC EURCNY rate and PBC USDCNY rate are also unavailable, then SFEMC
shall repeat efforts to obtain the CNY Indicative Survey Rate each day for an additional two Business
Days (i.e., the 16th and 17th consecutive calendar days). If on either of these two Business Days the
SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rate is published and the PBC EURCNY rate and PBC USDCNY rate are
unavailable, then the Final Settlement Price of the CME Chinese renminbi/Euro futures contracts shall be
the reciprocal of the product of the first of these SFEMC CNY Indicative Survey Rates and that rate’s


                                                    16
contemporaneous bid/ask midpoint of the spot Euro rate as appears on Reuters page EUR= at 11:00
a.m. Singapore (and Beijing) time, rounded to six (6) decimal places.

However, if on either of the next two Business Days (i.e., the 16th and 17th consecutive calendar days),
the PBC EURCNY rate becomes available, then the futures contract Final Settlement Price shall be the
reciprocal of the first such PBC EURCNY rate, rounded to six decimal places. If on either the next two
Business Days, when the PBC EURCNY rate is unavailable, but the PBC USDCNY rate becomes
available, then the futures contract Final Settlement Price shall be the reciprocal of the product of the first
such PBC USDCNY rate and that rate’s contemporaneous bid/ask midpoint of the spot Euro rate as
appears on Reuters page EUR= at 9:00 a.m. Beijing time, rounded to six decimal places.

If the SFEMC fails to publish the CNY Indicative Survey Rate on both of these two Business Days and the
PBC EURCNY rate and PBC USDCNY rate are unavailable, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine the
Final Settlement Price.

However, in the event that the Exchange determines that the Clearing House is not able to determine a
Final Settlement Price pursuant to any of the preceding sections, then Rule 812 shall apply to determine
the Final Settlement Price.

31803. [RESERVED]

(End Chapter 318)




                                                      17
