                         SUBMISSION COVER SHEET
IMPORTANT: Check box if Confidential Treatment is requested
Registered Entity Identifier Code (optional): 15-437
Organization: The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. (“CBOT”)
Filing as a:            DCM              SEF           DCO           SDR
Please note - only ONE choice allowed.
Filing Date: 10/28/2015 Filing Description: Amendments to CBOT Chapter 27 Regarding
the Addition of Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions to the CBOT E-mini
Dow Jones Industrial AverageSM Index Futures ($5 Multiplier) Contract

SPECIFY FILING TYPE
Please note only ONE choice allowed per Submission.
Organization Rules and Rule Amendments

        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Notification                                             § 40.6(d)
        Advance Notice of SIDCO Rule Change                      § 40.10(a)
       SIDCO Emergency Rule Change                               § 40.10(h)
Rule Numbers:
New Product                        Please note only ONE product per Submission.
        Certification                                            § 40.2(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.23(a)
        Certification Swap Class                                 § 40.2(d)
        Approval                                                 § 40.3(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.23(b)
        Novel Derivative Product Notification                    § 40.12(a)
         Swap Submission                                         § 39.5
Official Product Name:
Product Terms and Conditions (product related Rules and Rule Amendments)

        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Certification Made Available to Trade Determination      § 40.6(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.24(a)
        Delisting (No Open Interest)                             § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Approval Made Available to Trade Determination           § 40.5(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.24(c)
        Approval Amendments to enumerated agricultural products § 40.4(a), § 40.5(a)
        “Non-Material Agricultural Rule Change”                  § 40.4(b)(5)
         Notification                                            § 40.6(d)
Official Name(s) of Product(s) Affected: See filing.

Rule Numbers: See filing.
                                                                                                                 Christopher Bowen
                                                                                      Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
                                                                                                                   Legal Department


October 28, 2015

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL

Mr. Christopher J. Kirkpatrick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20581

RE:       CFTC Regulation 40.6(a) Certification. Amendments to CBOT Chapter 27 Regarding the
          Addition of Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) Transactions to the CBOT E-mini Dow
                                   SM
          Jones Industrial Average Index Futures ($5 Multiplier) Contract.
          CBOT Submission No. 15-437

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick:

The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. (“CBOT” or “Exchange”) hereby notifies the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC” or “Commission”) that it is self-certifying amendments to the CBOT
                                        sm
E-mini Dow Jones Industrial Average Index Futures ($5 Multiplier) contract (Rulebook Chapter 27;
Clearing, CME ClearPort, and CME Globex Code: YM; BTIC Code: YMT) to permit Basis Trade at Index
Close (“BTIC”) transactions, effective on Sunday, November 15, 2015 for trade date Monday, November
16, 2015.

BTIC transactions enable the price of such futures contracts to be quoted and made by reference to the
closing value of the cash market index that underlies such futures contract. BTIC transactions on this
contract may be executed on the CME Globex electronic trading platform. In addition, BTIC transactions
may be executed as block trades pursuant to the requirements of CBOT 526 (“Block Trades”) and
submitted for clearing via CME ClearPort with at a minimum block size threshold of 500 contracts.

The Exchange has reviewed the designated contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set
forth in the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA” or “Act”) and has identified that the amendments certified
herein may bear upon the following Core Principles:

         Availability of General Information: The Exchange will publish information on contract
          specifications on its website, together with daily trading volume, open interest, and price
          information. The Exchange shall disseminate a Special Executive Report (“SER”) that sets forth
          information with regard to the aforementioned amendments.

         Daily Publication of Trading Information: Trading volume, open interest, and price information will
          be published daily on the Exchange’s website and via quote vendors.

         Compliance with Rules: The Market Regulation Advisory Notice issued provides additional
          guidance to the marketplace on the regulatory requirements attendant to block trades. This
          guidance is intended to assist market participants in remaining in compliance with CBOT Rule
          526 and is therefore in compliance with this Core Principle.

         Execution of Transactions: The minimum block trade size certified herein for BTIC transactions
          in the contract is commensurate with minimum block trade sizes applicable to equity index
          futures products listed for trading on the CBOT and on Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc.

      1 North End Avenue New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                            1
Pursuant to Section 5c(c) of the Act and CFTC Regulation 40.6(a), the Exchange certifies that the
amendments comply with the Act, including regulations under the Act. There were no substantive
opposing views to this proposal.

The Exchange certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the Exchange’s website at
http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html.

If you require any additional information regarding this action, please contact me at 212-299-2200 or via
e-mail at CMEGSubmissionlnquiry@cmegroup.com




                                                       Sincerely,



                                                       /s/ Christopher Bowen
                                                       Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel




Attachments: Appendix A – Amendments to CBOT Chapter 27
             Appendix B – Amendments to CBOT Chapter 5
             Appendix C – Exchange Fee Schedule




     1 North End Avenue New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                           2
                                           Appendix A

                Amendments to CBOT Rulebook Chapter 27
   CBOT E-mini Dow Jones Industrial AverageSM Index Futures ($5 Multiplier)
         ®


                      (Additions are underlined; deletions are struck through.)


27106.   [RESERVED] BASIS TRADE AT INDEX CLOSE (“BTIC”) TRANSACTIONS
         Futures shall be eligible for BTIC transactions.

         For any BTIC transaction in futures on a given Trading Day, the price shall be based on the
         Index closing price on such Trading Day, adjusted by an admissible futures price increment
         (“basis adjustment”) above or below such Index closing price, in accordance with Rule
         27102.C. The magnitude of such basis adjustment must be fair and reasonable in light of
         factors such as, but not limited to, financing rates, expected dividend income, and time
         remaining until futures contract expiration.

         27106.A. BTIC Block Trade Requirements
         A BTIC transaction in futures may be executed as a block trade, provided that such block
         trade is executed in accordance with CBOT Rule 526.

         Both the size of such block trade and any applicable basis adjustment shall be reported to the
         Exchange within five (5) minutes after agreement by the parties to such trade.

         For a BTIC block trade that is executed on a given Trading Day and reported to the
         Exchange at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled close of the primary securities market,
         the corresponding futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing price for the
         current Trading Day. For such BTIC block trade that is reported to the Exchange later than
         10 minutes prior to the scheduled close of the primary securities market, the corresponding
         futures price shall be made by reference to the Index closing price for the next following
         Trading Day.

         27106.B. Price Assignment Procedure for BTIC Futures
         The price of a BTIC transaction shall be determined by the Exchange at 3:45 p.m. (or within
         45 minutes after the close of the primary securities market in the case of an early scheduled
         close of the primary securities market). Such price determination shall be deemed final.

         Where an order for a BTIC block trade would result in a futures price lower than the
         respective 20% Price Limit (Rule 27102.D.), such BTIC block trade order shall be cancelled.

         27106.C. BTIC Order Minimum Price Increment
         The minimum price increment shall be one Index points, equal to $5.00 per contract, for any
         basis adjustment that is applied to an Index closing price to establish a BTIC transaction
         price.

         27106.D. BTIC Orders Prohibited on Last Day of Trading
         Orders for BTIC transactions in expiring futures may not be initiated on the last day of trading
         in such expiring futures (Rule 27102.F.).

         27106.E. Market Disruption Events
         In the event of disruption in the primary securities market, all orders for BTIC block trades in
         futures shall be cancelled. Such event of disruption shall be declared by the Exchange, in its
         sole discretion, and may include without limitation:




                                                  3
1. unscheduled early closure of the primary securities market, or

2. a NYSE Rule 80B trading halt declared in response to a Level 3 (20%) decline in the
   S&P 500 Index, necessitating early close of the primary securities market.




                                   4
                                                 Appendix B

                          Amendments to CBOT Rulebook Chapter 5
                            Trading Qualifications and Practices

                                            (Additions are underlined)


588.H. Globex Non-Reviewable Trading Ranges

Equity Index Futures
                                     Globex              Globex Non-        NRR:           NRR: Ticks
                                     Symbol              Reviewable         Globex
                                                         Ranges (NRR)       Format
               ®
BTIC on CBOT E-mini Dow              YMT                 60 Index           60             60
                        SM
Jones Industrial Average Index                           Points
Futures ($5 Multiplier)


589. (“Special Price Fluctuation Limits”)

                                                                                          Base in
                                     Rulebook      Commodity    Primary/    Associated     Real
             Product                                                                                 Level
                                     Chapter         Code      Associated      With      Economic
                                                                                           Value
               ®
BTIC on CBOT E-mini Dow                                                                               See
                        SM                                                                          Rulebook
Jones Industrial Average Index          27            YMT      Associated      YM           I
Futures ($5 Multiplier)                                                                             Chapter




                                                        5
                                          Appendix C

                                  Exchange Fee Schedule
CBOT Exchange Fees:
                      Clearing Fee ($0.06) + Globex Exchange Fee Rate (based on Membership status) +
BTIC on Globex
                                                           $0.75

BTIC Block            Clearing Fee ($0.06) + Pit Exchange Fee Rate (based on Membership status) + $0.75




                                                 6
