                         SUBMISSION COVER SHEET
IMPORTANT: Check box if Confidential Treatment is requested
Registered Entity Identifier Code (optional): 15-398
Organization: The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. (“CBOT”)
Filing as a:            DCM              SEF           DCO           SDR
Please note - only ONE choice allowed.
Filing Date (mm/dd/yy): 10/05/2015 Filing Description: Notification Regarding Changes
to Position Limits for Expiring Short-Term U.S. Treasury Note Futures (2-Year)
Contracts

SPECIFY FILING TYPE
Please note only ONE choice allowed per Submission.
Organization Rules and Rule Amendments

        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Notification                                             § 40.6(d)
        Advance Notice of SIDCO Rule Change                      § 40.10(a)
       SIDCO Emergency Rule Change                               § 40.10(h)
Rule Numbers:
New Product                        Please note only ONE product per Submission.
        Certification                                            § 40.2(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.23(a)
        Certification Swap Class                                 § 40.2(d)
        Approval                                                 § 40.3(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.23(b)
        Novel Derivative Product Notification                    § 40.12(a)
        Swap Submission                                          § 39.5
Product Terms and Conditions (product related Rules and Rule Amendments)

        Certification                                            § 40.6(a)
        Certification Made Available to Trade Determination      § 40.6(a)
        Certification Security Futures                           § 41.24(a)
        Delisting (No Open Interest)                             § 40.6(a)
        Approval                                                 § 40.5(a)
        Approval Made Available to Trade Determination           § 40.5(a)
        Approval Security Futures                                § 41.24(c)
        Approval Amendments to enumerated agricultural products § 40.4(a), § 40.5(a)
        “Non-Material Agricultural Rule Change”                  § 40.4(b)(5)
        Notification                                             § 40.6(d)

Official Name(s) of Product(s) Affected: See filing.

Rule Numbers: See filing.
                                                                                                                Christopher Bowen
                                                                                     Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
                                                                                                                  Legal Department


October 5, 2015

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL

Mr. Christopher J. Kirkpatrick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20581

    Re:      CFTC Regulation 40.6(a) Certification. Notification Regarding Amendments to CBOT
             Chapter 5 Position Limits, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table to
             Decrease the Spot Month Limit of Short-Term U.S. Treasury Note Futures (2-Year)
             Contract.
             CBOT Submission No. 15-398

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick:

The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. (“CBOT” or “Exchange”) is notifying the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC” or “Commission”) that it is self-certifying amendments CBOT
Chapter 5 Position Limits, Position Accountability and Reportable Level Table to decease the initial spot-
month limit the Short-Term U.S. Treasury Note Futures (2-Year) contract (Rulebook Chapter 21;
Commodity Code: 26) commencing with the March 2016 contract month and beyond. The initial spot-
month limit for contract months up to and including the December 2015 contract month shall remain
unchanged. The Exchange will update the rulebook to reflect these amendments on October 21, 2015,
the effective date of this submission.

CBOT seeks to amend these position limits commencing with the March 2016 contract month and beyond
as follows:

Contract Name                                            Current Position Limit   Amended Position Limit
Short-Term U.S. Treasury Note Futures                    35,000 contracts         30,000 contracts

CBOT will implement these amended position limits starting with the March 2016 contract month. The
rule changes will be made in the CBOT Rulebook effective the Exchange Business Day following the last
delivery day for the December 2015 contracts, which will be Wednesday, January 6, 2016 for the Short-
Term U.S. Treasury Note Futures (2-Year) contract. Insofar as the proposed rule amendments result in
decreased position limits, the Exchange concludes that timely market notification combined with delayed
implementation of these lower position limits is warranted. Market notification in October 2015 with
application to March 2016 futures delivery months allows the marketplace a full expiration cycle (three
months’ time) to consider the changes prior to implementation. This amount of advance warning should
minimize any potential disruptions to trading in futures delivery months with existing open interest.




     1 North End Avenue New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                           1
The position limits for expiring CBOT 3-Year U.S. Treasury Note Futures, Medium-Term U.S. Treasury
Note Futures (5-Year), Long-Term U.S. Treasury Note Futures (10-Year), U.S. Treasury Bond Futures,
and Long-Term U.S. Treasury Bond Futures will remain at current levels – i.e., 20,000, 85,000, 70,000,
25,000 and 80,000 contracts, respectively – reflecting the Exchange’s determination that these limits are
appropriate to the characteristics and supply of contract-grade Treasury notes and bonds that are eligible
for delivery into these futures contracts.

For any given Treasury futures contract, the Exchange establishes and periodically re-evaluates the
corresponding position limit in light of both market conditions and the structure of the basket of
deliverable-grade securities for such contract. Among the factors taken into consideration are (a) the size
distribution and supply of such deliverable-grade issues, (b) the proximity of market yields on deliverable
grade issues to the 6% notional yield that the Exchange uses to set conversion factors for standardization
of contract delivery invoice prices, and (c) the distribution of durations among Treasury issues eligible for
delivery into the contract.

CBOT first implemented position limits in expiring Treasury futures in June 2005 in an effort to mitigate
congested deliveries that might arise as a result of structural imbalances between the futures and cash
markets. The position limits were last reevaluated and revised in July 2014. As in those earlier
instances, the aim of the present re-examination and revision is to ensure that the position limits comport
with both market conditions and scale of deliverable supply.

In addition to reducing the 2016 position limits of the Short-Term U.S. Treasury Note Futures, the
Exchange will amend the language pertaining to the Spot-Month Limit Effective Date found in the Chapter
5 Position Limit table as outlined in Appendix A. The Exchange is implementing this change in order to
accurately reflect the spot month effective period for those contracts. These amendments shall be
effective on October 21, 2015.

The Exchange reviewed the designated contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in
the Commodity Exchange Act (“Act”) and identified that amendments may have some bearing on the
following Core Principles.

                 Contracts Not Readily Subject To Manipulation: The proposed rule change is designed
                  to set position limits in expiring Treasury futures at levels that are consistent with existing
                  and expected deliverable supplies of cash Treasury securities. As such, the proposed
                  rule will eliminate the potential for congested deliveries of cash securities during delivery
                  periods and thus obviate the chance of manipulation by market participants.

                 Prevention of Market Disruption: The proposed rule change, which fixes position limits in
                  expiring Treasury futures at levels that are consistent with existing and expected
                  deliverable supplies of cash Treasury securities, will provide the Exchange’s market
                  surveillance, compliance, and enforcement functions with an important metric for
                  preventing market disruptions, price distortions, and delivery disruptions during delivery
                  periods.

                 Position Limitations or Accountability: The proposed rule change, which sets position
                  limits in expiring Treasury futures at levels that are consistent with existing and expected
                  deliverable supplies of cash Treasury securities, will reduce the potential threat of market
                  manipulation or delivery congestion during trading in the delivery month.

                 Protection of Market Participants: The proposed rule change, which fixes position limits
                  in expiring Treasury futures at levels that are consistent with existing and expected
                  deliverable supplies of cash Treasury securities, will protect market participants from
                  abusive trading practices by any party that seeks to benefit from unfair and inequitable
                  trading practices.
     1 North End Avenue New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                           2
                 Availability of General Information: The information contained herein will be disseminated
                  to the marketplace via Market Surveillance Notice. The Exchange will publish information
                  on the contracts’ specifications on its website, together with daily trading volume, open
                  interest, and price information

Pursuant to Section 5c(c) of the Act and CFTC Regulation 40.6(a), the Exchange hereby certifies that
these changes comply with the Act, including regulations under the Act. There were no substantive
opposing views to this proposal.

The Exchange certifies that this submission has been concurrently posted on the Exchange’s website at
http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html.

Should you have any questions concerning the above, please contact me at (212) 299-2200 or via e-mail
at CMEGSubmisisonInquiry@cmegroup.com.



                                                      Sincerely,




                                                      /s/Christopher Bowen
                                                      Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel



Attachment:       Appendix A – Position Limit, Position Accountability, and Reportable Level Table in
                  Chapter 5 of the CBOT Rulebook (attached under separate cover)




    1 North End Avenue New York, NY 10282 T 212 299 2200 F 212 299 2299 christopher.bowen@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com

                                                          3
                                       Appendix A

Position Limit, Position Accountability, and Reportable Level Table in Chapter 5 of the CBOT
                                           Rulebook

                               (attached under separate cover)




                                             4
