25-368: Implementation of the BTIC on S&P 500 Month-End Futures Market Maker Program


                                                                                                                  Maureen Guilfoile
                                                                                      Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel
                                                                                                                   Legal Department


September 3, 2025

VIA ELECTRONIC PORTAL

Christopher J. Kirkpatrick
Office of the Secretariat
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Three Lafayette Centre
1155 21st Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20581

                  RE:         Implementation of the BTIC on S&P 500 Month-End Futures Market Maker Program
                              CME Submission No. 25-368

Dear Mr. Kirkpatrick:

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME” or “Exchange”) hereby notifies the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission (“CFTC” or “Commission”) of plans to implement the BTIC on S&P 500 Month-End Futures Market
Maker Program (“Program”). The Program will become effective on September 22, 2025.

Exhibit 1 sets forth the terms of this Program.

CME reviewed the designated contract market core principles (“Core Principles”) as set forth in the Commodity
Exchange Act (“CEA”). During the review, Exchange staff identified the following Core Principles as potentially being
impacted: Monitoring of Trading, Execution of Transactions, Protection of Market Participants, Compliance with
Rules, Availability of General Information, and Recordkeeping.

The Program will not impact the Exchange’s ability to perform its trade practice and market surveillance obligations
under the CEA. Exchange staff will monitor trading in the Program’s products in order to prevent manipulative trading
and market abuse. Additionally, the Exchange has implemented systems to track Program participants’ volume to
ensure proper distribution of earned incentives. The Program does not impact the Exchange’s order execution.
Participants in the Program will be selected by CME staff using criteria as set forth in Exhibit 1. Chapter 4 of the
Exchange rules includes prohibitions against fraudulent, non-competitive, unfair or abusive practices. All participants
must execute a contractual agreement with CME in which each participant will expressly agree to comply with, and
be subject to, applicable regulations and Exchange rules. Additionally, the Program is subject to the Exchange’s
record retention policies, which comply with the CEA.

The Exchange certifies that the Program complies with the CEA and the regulations thereunder. There were no
substantive opposing views to this Program.

CME certifies that this submission has been concurrently                       posted     on     the     CME       website       at
http://www.cmegroup.com/market-regulation/rule-filings.html.

If  you     require  any   additional information regarding this  submission,  please  e-mail
CMEGSubmissionInquiry@cmegroup.com or contact Rachel Johnson at 312-466-4393 or via e-mail at
Rachel.Johnson@cmegroup.com.


                                                        Sincerely,


                                                        /s/ Maureen Guilfoile
                                                        Managing Director and Chief Regulatory Counsel


Attachment:       Exhibit 1




                20 S Wacker Dr Chicago, IL 60606 T 312 930 8141 maureen.guilfoile@cmegroup.com cmegroup.com
                                            EXHIBIT 1
        BTIC on S&P 500 Month-End Futures Market Maker Program
Program Purpose

The purpose of this Program is to incentivize participants to support the launch and development of the
products listed below. More liquid contracts benefit all participants in the marketplace.


Product Scope

S&P 500 Month-End Futures (“SME”) and Basis Trade at Index Close (“BTIC”) on S&P 500 Month-End
Futures (“SMET”) (“Products”).


Eligible Participants

CME may designate up to seven (7) participants in the Program. Participants may be CME members or
non-members. Potential participants are required to submit an application/bid sheet to the Exchange as
part of a competitive application process which is used to determine eligibility. In determining whether or
not a prospective participant is selected to participate in the Program, Exchange staff may take into
account a variety of factors including the strength of the quoting obligations the prospective participant is
willing to commit to provide, whether staff believes that the prospective participant can maintain such
obligations, and historical volume trading similar products. The Exchange may, from time to time, add or
subtract from the aforementioned requirements as it deems necessary.


Program Term

Start date is September 22, 2025. End date is March 31, 2026, or the date on which the Exchange
determines to modify, extend, or terminate the Program. Participants will be given notice of any changes
to the Program Term.


Hours

Designated hours during Regular Trading Hours (“RTH”).


Obligations

In order to be eligible to receive the incentives, participants must quote two-sided markets in certain
Products at designated widths and minimum quote sizes during a specified percentage of time-in-market.


Incentives

Upon meeting all obligations, as determined by the Exchange, participants will receive predetermined
incentives.


Monitoring and Termination of Status

The Exchange shall monitor trading activity and participants’ performance and shall retain the right to
revoke participant status if it concludes from review that a participant no longer meets the eligibility
requirements or fails to meet the obligations of the Program.
